Orangutans are native to the forest of Malaysia and Indonesia .	Orangutans are native to the forests of Malaysia and Indonesia .	sing_plur	1
Police said they were looking for the attacker .	Police said they were looking for the attackers .	sing_plur	2
The trouble , unfortunately , is in the detail .	The trouble , unfortunately , is in the details .	sing_plur	3
President Musharraf said he condemned this attack in the strongest possible word .	President Musharraf said he condemned this attack in the strongest possible words .	sing_plur	4
Anne Arundel police declined to comment on the report .	Anne Arundel police declined to comment on the reports .	sing_plur	5
I truly love being with the pig .	I truly love being with the pigs .	sing_plur	8
The situation has raised debate about the possibility of terrorism in Germany .	The situation has raised debate about the possibilities of terrorism in Germany .	sing_plur	9
In that case , the spacewalk could proceed as scheduled .	In that case , the spacewalks could proceed as scheduled .	sing_plur	10
Now , they have to go after the single home .	Now , they have to go after the single homes .	sing_plur	11
Police officials said the shooting appeared to be within department guidelines .	Police officials said the shootings appeared to be within department guidelines .	sing_plur	12
The authority had feared an Islamic revolution .	The authorities had feared an Islamic revolution .	sing_plur	13
The Ua should follow its modernising , independent-minded instincts and change .	The UAE should follow its modernising , independent-minded instincts and change .	sing_plur	15
I have not seen a difference compared to the younger one .	I have not seen a difference compared to the younger ones .	sing_plur	16
Daughter , buy the chair .	Daughter , buy the chairs .	sing_plur	20
The victim wiped tears from their eyes .	The victims wiped tears from their eyes .	sing_plur	21
The team went back and forth in the third .	The teams went back and forth in the third .	sing_plur	22
And make sure you use the overlay feature to show the relevant number .	And make sure you use the overlay feature to show the relevant numbers .	sing_plur	23
The agency had approved new labels for the medicine in March .	The agency had approved new labels for the medicines in March .	sing_plur	25
All in , the panel can produce 770 kW at peak times .	All in , the panels can produce 770 kW at peak times .	sing_plur	26
And so are the fan .	And so are the fans .	sing_plur	27
I do not worry about the picture .	I do not worry about the pictures .	sing_plur	28
The institution had announced their relationship with seeming hyperbole in December 2005 .	The institutions had announced their relationship with seeming hyperbole in December 2005 .	sing_plur	29
You know , warding off the crowd .	You know , warding off the crowds .	sing_plur	30
But their production was much higher in the CA-MRSA , the researcher said .	But their production was much higher in the CA-MRSA , the researchers said .	sing_plur	32
The troops called in airstrikes and fought the militant in a gunbattle .	The troops called in airstrikes and fought the militants in a gunbattle .	sing_plur	34
The meeting should focus on the talk .	The meeting should focus on the talks .	sing_plur	36
We had a committee of fifteen who organized the protest .	We had a committee of fifteen who organized the protests .	sing_plur	37
... Iran denies the claim .	... Iran denies the claims .	sing_plur	39
But the emission of the Voyagers will be unchanged .	But the emissions of the Voyagers will be unchanged .	sing_plur	40
The flier listed no name or organization .	The fliers listed no name or organization .	sing_plur	41
Secondly , there are waste disposal concerns with the hybrid cell .	Secondly , there are waste disposal concerns with the hybrid cells .	sing_plur	43
The portion of food in the newly remodelled TGI Edinburgh are ridiculously large .	The portions of food in the newly remodelled TGI Edinburgh are ridiculously large .	sing_plur	45
" The graybeard , " Beaver chortles .	" The graybeards , " Beaver chortles .	sing_plur	47
I understand the emotion .	I understand the emotions .	sing_plur	48
This represents approximately 82 % of the outstanding principal amount of the Note .	This represents approximately 82 % of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes .	sing_plur	49
Harrison , 35 , handles the financial aspect of the business .	Harrison , 35 , handles the financial aspects of the business .	sing_plur	50
The resolution on the mass killing of Armenians beginning in 1915 is counterproductive .	The resolution on the mass killings of Armenians beginning in 1915 is counterproductive .	sing_plur	51
It was not clear if those residents heeded the warning .	It was not clear if those residents heeded the warnings .	sing_plur	52
The EU 's executive arm placed no conditions on the company .	The EU 's executive arm placed no conditions on the companies .	sing_plur	53
FOR the gold bug , Christmas has come early .	FOR the gold bugs , Christmas has come early .	sing_plur	55
The musician found sympathy among the committee members .	The musicians found sympathy among the committee members .	sing_plur	56
The Securities and Exchange Commission is informally investigating the posting .	The Securities and Exchange Commission is informally investigating the postings .	sing_plur	58
There are some crackdowns by the regime .	There are some crackdowns by the regimes .	sing_plur	59
I do not want them to be like the other airline .	I do not want them to be like the other airlines .	sing_plur	62
The three other candidates were given little coverage in the state-controlled medium .	The three other candidates were given little coverage in the state-controlled media .	sing_plur	63
Fujimori has repeatedly denied the accusation , calling them politically motivated .	Fujimori has repeatedly denied the accusations , calling them politically motivated .	sing_plur	64
Somali president Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed was mid-speech when the explosion began .	Somali president Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed was mid-speech when the explosions began .	sing_plur	67
The bird had no sense of time .	The birds had no sense of time .	sing_plur	68
Craig acknowledges that the man 's feet bumped but says nothing improper happened .	Craig acknowledges that the men 's feet bumped but says nothing improper happened .	sing_plur	70
Year after year , church attendance at Christmas continues to defy the trend .	Year after year , church attendance at Christmas continues to defy the trends .	sing_plur	71
Shrapnel hit us in the leg and body .	Shrapnel hit us in the legs and body .	sing_plur	72
Doing so would defeat the point of the covert test .	Doing so would defeat the point of the covert tests .	sing_plur	73
Men 's choices did not reflect their stated preferences , the researcher concluded .	Men 's choices did not reflect their stated preferences , the researchers concluded .	sing_plur	74
" You say ' the tractor that came into the city .	" You say ' the tractors that came into the city .	sing_plur	75
O 'Neill oversees the state of Kansas and Missouri .	O 'Neill oversees the states of Kansas and Missouri .	sing_plur	76
The crisis revealed the limit of Bush 's leverage .	The crisis revealed the limits of Bush 's leverage .	sing_plur	77
More than 500,000 people show up to cheer on the runner .	More than 500,000 people show up to cheer on the runners .	sing_plur	78
The playoff seemed out of the question .	The playoffs seemed out of the question .	sing_plur	79
Ming troops oust the Mongol from Dadu - present-day Beijing .	Ming troops oust the Mongols from Dadu - present-day Beijing .	sing_plur	80
Uncharacteristically , Bush himself delved into the detail .	Uncharacteristically , Bush himself delved into the details .	sing_plur	81
" They do not understand the danger , " he said .	" They do not understand the dangers , " he said .	sing_plur	82
He said federal marshals should protect the family .	He said federal marshals should protect the families .	sing_plur	83
A man was killed on the platform , the authority said .	A man was killed on the platform , the authorities said .	sing_plur	85
Authorities said the injury appeared to be minor .	Authorities said the injuries appeared to be minor .	sing_plur	86
Six ' idea got a mixed reaction on the street of Brussels .	Six ' idea got a mixed reaction on the streets of Brussels .	sing_plur	87
He returns nine minutes later carrying a brochure as he climbs the stair .	He returns nine minutes later carrying a brochure as he climbs the stairs .	sing_plur	88
The killing happened nine years ago .	The killings happened nine years ago .	sing_plur	90
There was no way to independently confirm the report attributed to freed prisoners .	There was no way to independently confirm the reports attributed to freed prisoners .	sing_plur	91
Psychological therapy and patient education greatly boost the effectiveness of the drug .	Psychological therapy and patient education greatly boost the effectiveness of the drugs .	sing_plur	92
The new guideline will apply retroactively to about 19,500 inmates .	The new guidelines will apply retroactively to about 19,500 inmates .	sing_plur	94
October is typically a time that belongs to the pitcher .	October is typically a time that belongs to the pitchers .	sing_plur	96
The winning entry will be displayed .	The winning entries will be displayed .	sing_plur	97
I have driven all of the above-cited car .	I have driven all of the above-cited cars .	sing_plur	98
Yesterday , the god cocked another snook at Ramos .	Yesterday , the gods cocked another snook at Ramos .	sing_plur	99
In Texas , for example , there are Children In The Middle class .	In Texas , for example , there are Children In The Middle classes .	sing_plur	100
" The service always appealed to me , " she says .	" The services always appealed to me , " she says .	sing_plur	102
BUT their anxieties grew as the day passed .	BUT their anxieties grew as the days passed .	sing_plur	104
Here are the fact .	Here are the facts .	sing_plur	105
The obvious candidates as national champions were the big state-owned enterprise .	The obvious candidates as national champions were the big state-owned enterprises .	sing_plur	106
Attorneys for the descendant appealed to the Supreme Court .	Attorneys for the descendants appealed to the Supreme Court .	sing_plur	107
And it is not the cheap Yankee , either .	And it is not the cheap Yankees , either .	sing_plur	108
Family friends expressed satisfaction over the arrest .	Family friends expressed satisfaction over the arrests .	sing_plur	109
The speaker thanked the crowd for showing up .	The speakers thanked the crowd for showing up .	sing_plur	111
Authorities said the fugitive should be considered armed and dangerous .	Authorities said the fugitives should be considered armed and dangerous .	sing_plur	112
All those targeted have denied the accusation .	All those targeted have denied the accusations .	sing_plur	113
Stir in the blueberry and grated lemon rind .	Stir in the blueberries and grated lemon rind .	sing_plur	116
Every person in the eye of God is worthy of respect .	Every person in the eyes of God is worthy of respect .	sing_plur	117
We are going to be contacting the medium .	We are going to be contacting the media .	sing_plur	119
It said Democrats were the one who had shown unwillingness to compromise .	It said Democrats were the ones who had shown unwillingness to compromise .	sing_plur	121
The wave ended up taking my flippers off .	The waves ended up taking my flippers off .	sing_plur	122
Leslie 's classroom , Norris 211 , had sustained the worst casualty .	Leslie 's classroom , Norris 211 , had sustained the worst casualties .	sing_plur	123
Meanwhile , the other began to fall .	Meanwhile , the others began to fall .	sing_plur	126
Now she must loosen the Gordian knot she helped tie .	Now she must loosen the Gordian knots she helped tie .	sing_plur	127
Iran denies the charge .	Iran denies the charges .	sing_plur	128
Musharraf condemned the blast and sent his condolences to victims ' families .	Musharraf condemned the blasts and sent his condolences to victims ' families .	sing_plur	129
We are now on to the caterer .	We are now on to the caterers .	sing_plur	131
The juror had told Thomas in three previous notes that they were deadlocked .	The jurors had told Thomas in three previous notes that they were deadlocked .	sing_plur	133
The attack also happened within a quarter of a mile of each other .	The attacks also happened within a quarter of a mile of each other .	sing_plur	134
State officials said crews would work all weekend to remedy the violation .	State officials said crews would work all weekend to remedy the violations .	sing_plur	137
Watch the film and then examine the film against the fact .	Watch the film and then examine the film against the facts .	sing_plur	138
Scores were flat in the other district .	Scores were flat in the other districts .	sing_plur	139
The jeer belonged to Austin .	The jeers belonged to Austin .	sing_plur	140
They are the true master of compromise .	They are the true masters of compromise .	sing_plur	141
Such are the vicissitude of ninnydom .	Such are the vicissitudes of ninnydom .	sing_plur	142
Schools may of course use the material with students of any age .	Schools may of course use the materials with students of any age .	sing_plur	143
MicroPlace scrutinizes the organization to check their legitimacy .	MicroPlace scrutinizes the organizations to check their legitimacy .	sing_plur	144
He says he thinks the student had weapons at the homecoming dance .	He says he thinks the students had weapons at the homecoming dance .	sing_plur	145
The number of mobile phone users accessing the web is growing steadily .	The numbers of mobile phone users accessing the web is growing steadily .	sing_plur	148
Here is a look at the closing arguments from some of the candidate .	Here is a look at the closing arguments from some of the candidates .	sing_plur	149
In a statement , relatives said the man would never be forgotten .	In a statement , relatives said the men would never be forgotten .	sing_plur	150
The child also healed more quickly and with less complications , he said .	The children also healed more quickly and with less complications , he said .	sing_plur	151
The bank suspended efforts to sell the debt in July .	The banks suspended efforts to sell the debt in July .	sing_plur	152
The contractor had been cited for a series of violations .	The contractors had been cited for a series of violations .	sing_plur	154
Al-Maliki 's statement did not mention the prisoner .	Al-Maliki 's statement did not mention the prisoners .	sing_plur	156
It is hoped the new rule will be in force by next summer .	It is hoped the new rules will be in force by next summer .	sing_plur	157
They were fighting over custody of the child .	They were fighting over custody of the children .	sing_plur	159
Pollanen agreed with Sheshiah that bleeding would be caused from the injury .	Pollanen agreed with Sheshiah that bleeding would be caused from the injuries .	sing_plur	160
The Communist Party is fully aware of the problem .	The Communist Party is fully aware of the problems .	sing_plur	161
" These are the priority of the American people , " he said .	" These are the priorities of the American people , " he said .	sing_plur	162
At least one insurgent was killed in the clash .	At least one insurgent was killed in the clashes .	sing_plur	163
That is called the detail .	That is called the details .	sing_plur	167
It was then the pilot realized they were just feet above the Everglades .	It was then the pilots realized they were just feet above the Everglades .	sing_plur	168
Some of the house will also have studios .	Some of the houses will also have studios .	sing_plur	169
Five of the suit , including the E.E.O.C 's , remain open .	Five of the suits , including the E.E.O.C 's , remain open .	sing_plur	170
The parent said they checked on their kids every half-hour .	The parents said they checked on their kids every half-hour .	sing_plur	171
Farm hands from Burkina Faso tend the field in Ivory Coast .	Farm hands from Burkina Faso tend the fields in Ivory Coast .	sing_plur	173
Earley explained to the player the screen would stay on .	Earley explained to the player the screens would stay on .	sing_plur	174
The general did not dare kill her .	The generals did not dare kill her .	sing_plur	175
BRIAN SELL had high hopes at the last Olympic trial .	BRIAN SELL had high hopes at the last Olympic trials .	sing_plur	177
Be creative in applying your forecast to the actual circumstance of your life .	Be creative in applying your forecast to the actual circumstances of your life .	sing_plur	179
Nadim said he had no information on any casualties among the militant .	Nadim said he had no information on any casualties among the militants .	sing_plur	182
I do not remember the detail of it .	I do not remember the details of it .	sing_plur	183
We did an MRI but do not have the result back .	We did an MRI but do not have the results back .	sing_plur	184
The problem of changing to a plug-in fleet are not all technical .	The problems of changing to a plug-in fleet are not all technical .	sing_plur	186
The State Department declassified the document on Friday .	The State Department declassified the documents on Friday .	sing_plur	189
Some of the whale even had bony shoulderblades .	Some of the whales even had bony shoulderblades .	sing_plur	190
But the sheer scale of the killing makes everyone feel queasy .	But the sheer scale of the killings makes everyone feel queasy .	sing_plur	191
The Canadian promised to again televise all matches for 2011 .	The Canadians promised to again televise all matches for 2011 .	sing_plur	192
Democratic candidates have an added incentive : Overseas Democrats can influence the primary .	Democratic candidates have an added incentive : Overseas Democrats can influence the primaries .	sing_plur	194
The detail of how Mr Bainbridge died have not yet been released .	The details of how Mr Bainbridge died have not yet been released .	sing_plur	195
Israel has previously cited security concerns as the reason for the restriction .	Israel has previously cited security concerns as the reason for the restrictions .	sing_plur	196
Hopefully the fan will stick with him .	Hopefully the fans will stick with him .	sing_plur	199
It did not identify any of the potential bidder .	It did not identify any of the potential bidders .	sing_plur	201
With the election on hold , Bhutto has pulled back from the negotiations .	With the elections on hold , Bhutto has pulled back from the negotiations .	sing_plur	202
The company has indeed made gains under Mr. Ward , the analyst said .	The company has indeed made gains under Mr. Ward , the analysts said .	sing_plur	203
" It is a horrible influence for the kid , " she said .	" It is a horrible influence for the kids , " she said .	sing_plur	204
LaSalle Parish prosecutor Reed Walters reduced the charge just before the trial .	LaSalle Parish prosecutor Reed Walters reduced the charges just before the trial .	sing_plur	206
Maine 's Bureau of Insurance confirms they are investigating the complaint .	Maine 's Bureau of Insurance confirms they are investigating the complaints .	sing_plur	207
The critic argued the event exploits the terrorist attacks for political purposes .	The critics argued the event exploits the terrorist attacks for political purposes .	sing_plur	208
She is trying to turn the table on Hannibal .	She is trying to turn the tables on Hannibal .	sing_plur	209
The latest available datum is from 2004 .	The latest available data is from 2004 .	sing_plur	210
This case is unrelated to the other .	This case is unrelated to the others .	sing_plur	211
He made the play he needed to make .	He made the plays he needed to make .	sing_plur	212
This may explain his recent jump in the poll in Iowa .	This may explain his recent jump in the polls in Iowa .	sing_plur	213
She arrived Wednesday night but did not speak to the medium .	She arrived Wednesday night but did not speak to the media .	sing_plur	214
But I do understand the problem he faces .	But I do understand the problems he faces .	sing_plur	215
Jason Arnott , Vernon Fiddler and Radek Bonk also scored for the Predator .	Jason Arnott , Vernon Fiddler and Radek Bonk also scored for the Predators .	sing_plur	218
I just do not want the ref to decide the game .	I just do not want the refs to decide the game .	sing_plur	219
These devices become an indisposable sort of thing for the student .	These devices become an indisposable sort of thing for the students .	sing_plur	221
The Steeler said he would not return to the game .	The Steelers said he would not return to the game .	sing_plur	223
The allegation involved seven patients , two of whom died .	The allegations involved seven patients , two of whom died .	sing_plur	224
The justice rejected his appeal without comment .	The justices rejected his appeal without comment .	sing_plur	227
That money is starting to grease the wheel in the economy .	That money is starting to grease the wheels in the economy .	sing_plur	228
The court did not give out details of the bribe .	The court did not give out details of the bribes .	sing_plur	229
The attacker then fled south towards the Senegalese border , police said .	The attackers then fled south towards the Senegalese border , police said .	sing_plur	231
The result fell short of Wall Street expectations .	The results fell short of Wall Street expectations .	sing_plur	233
Mrs Clinton holds double-digit leads in the other early state .	Mrs Clinton holds double-digit leads in the other early states .	sing_plur	235
The professional-image types shudder at the question .	The professional-image types shudder at the questions .	sing_plur	238
They are the only one selling nothing but themselves .	They are the only ones selling nothing but themselves .	sing_plur	239
The effect of the change is difficult to quantify .	The effect of the changes is difficult to quantify .	sing_plur	243
But it is almost certain that these will not be the final number .	But it is almost certain that these will not be the final numbers .	sing_plur	244
Opposition parties are split on how to campaign against the amendment .	Opposition parties are split on how to campaign against the amendments .	sing_plur	246
Few people dared to venture onto the street .	Few people dared to venture onto the streets .	sing_plur	250
Farr will also officiate at the funeral of Schultz , Stahl and Thomas .	Farr will also officiate at the funerals of Schultz , Stahl and Thomas .	sing_plur	251
The song often told stories of tragedy or despair .	The songs often told stories of tragedy or despair .	sing_plur	252
The family , of course , must first agree to the plan .	The families , of course , must first agree to the plan .	sing_plur	253
I hope to contribute in the week and months ahead .	I hope to contribute in the weeks and months ahead .	sing_plur	255
Sometimes the story it tells are run-of-the-mill melodramas that could have happened anywhere .	Sometimes the stories it tells are run-of-the-mill melodramas that could have happened anywhere .	sing_plur	256
I want to look first at the economic effect .	I want to look first at the economic effects .	sing_plur	257
Several hours into the operation , the woman began leaving .	Several hours into the operation , the women began leaving .	sing_plur	258
But the respite was short-lived for the Scot .	But the respite was short-lived for the Scots .	sing_plur	259
It counts who 's watching the commercial .	It counts who 's watching the commercials .	sing_plur	260
They rode the subway .	They rode the subways .	sing_plur	261
It all depends on the calculation of one man .	It all depends on the calculations of one man .	sing_plur	262
But the group cautioned that not all constituencies had been checked .	But the groups cautioned that not all constituencies had been checked .	sing_plur	266
The child 's true parentage remains unknown .	The children 's true parentage remains unknown .	sing_plur	268
For the third straight day , the favorite kept winning .	For the third straight day , the favorites kept winning .	sing_plur	270
General Betray Us meet the phony soldier .	General Betray Us meet the phony soldiers .	sing_plur	271
You see the village , displacement camps , compounds .	You see the villages , displacement camps , compounds .	sing_plur	272
We are afraid the chemical will harm our health .	We are afraid the chemicals will harm our health .	sing_plur	273
She decided not to seek to recoup the fund .	She decided not to seek to recoup the funds .	sing_plur	274
He even trained some friends in the way of Secret Santa .	He even trained some friends in the ways of Secret Santa .	sing_plur	276
I like all of the different period .	I like all of the different periods .	sing_plur	277
A producers ' representative declined to comment on the talk .	A producers ' representative declined to comment on the talks .	sing_plur	279
The UK Foreign Office said it was providing the girl with consular assistance .	The UK Foreign Office said it was providing the girls with consular assistance .	sing_plur	280
Registration for the ducat closes Monday .	Registration for the ducats closes Monday .	sing_plur	281
He was also ordered to stay away from the victim and the university .	He was also ordered to stay away from the victims and the university .	sing_plur	282
But German police managed to unscramble the photo .	But German police managed to unscramble the photos .	sing_plur	283
Others are the pet peeve of staff members .	Others are the pet peeves of staff members .	sing_plur	284
Seven other deaths involving evacuees have been indirectly linked to the blaze .	Seven other deaths involving evacuees have been indirectly linked to the blazes .	sing_plur	285
However , more than 9,000 people have objected to the plan .	However , more than 9,000 people have objected to the plans .	sing_plur	286
The Diamondback drafted him in the second round in 2002 .	The Diamondbacks drafted him in the second round in 2002 .	sing_plur	287
The family of the victims will be summoned according to the legal procedures .	The families of the victims will be summoned according to the legal procedures .	sing_plur	288
The Trojan committed five turnovers and forced only one against Stanford .	The Trojans committed five turnovers and forced only one against Stanford .	sing_plur	289
Even the mosquito must sweat here .	Even the mosquitoes must sweat here .	sing_plur	291
You 're gonna want to capture the memory .	You 're gonna want to capture the memories .	sing_plur	292
The gear did not catch ; the watch did not tick .	The gears did not catch ; the watch did not tick .	sing_plur	293
But the thief worked quickly .	But the thieves worked quickly .	sing_plur	294
They have cleared the street of soldiers and released some prominent activists .	They have cleared the streets of soldiers and released some prominent activists .	sing_plur	295
Unidentified " terrorists " were responsible for the murder , it says .	Unidentified " terrorists " were responsible for the murders , it says .	sing_plur	298
The insurgent released two of the church workers earlier this month .	The insurgents released two of the church workers earlier this month .	sing_plur	299
Savor the result .	Savor the results .	sing_plur	300
Oil & Gas UK , the industry trade body , denied the claim .	Oil & Gas UK , the industry trade body , denied the claims .	sing_plur	301
Still , she warily noted the nationalist tendency in today 's Japan .	Still , she warily noted the nationalist tendencies in today 's Japan .	sing_plur	302
Neither of the side should start the blame game .	Neither of the sides should start the blame game .	sing_plur	303
As of this weekend , 1.1 million people had clicked on the debate .	As of this weekend , 1.1 million people had clicked on the debates .	sing_plur	304
It will also disrupt the life surrounding of nomadic Masai communities .	It will also disrupt the lives surrounding of nomadic Masai communities .	sing_plur	305
Then he was off to the pen behind the crocoseum .	Then he was off to the pens behind the crocoseum .	sing_plur	306
Pakistan retaliates with similar sanctions , and bans the group in January .	Pakistan retaliates with similar sanctions , and bans the groups in January .	sing_plur	307
The similarity between father and monolith he does not dispute .	The similarities between father and monolith he does not dispute .	sing_plur	308
Iraq did not have the weapon of mass destruction .	Iraq did not have the weapons of mass destruction .	sing_plur	309
General McNeill doubts some of the northern claim .	General McNeill doubts some of the northern claims .	sing_plur	312
It is not about the record .	It is not about the records .	sing_plur	313
We got the dog , we got the kid .	We got the dog , we got the kids .	sing_plur	314
Baquba general hospital doctor Abdul Salam Harfash confirmed the casualty .	Baquba general hospital doctor Abdul Salam Harfash confirmed the casualties .	sing_plur	315
Prosecutors have not decided whether to try the suspect as adults .	Prosecutors have not decided whether to try the suspects as adults .	sing_plur	316
I still find them more honest than the other .	I still find them more honest than the others .	sing_plur	317
Actual results will vary from estimates and the variance may be significant .	Actual results will vary from estimates and the variances may be significant .	sing_plur	318
Indeed , mastiha has made the round in history .	Indeed , mastiha has made the rounds in history .	sing_plur	319
Judge Jerome Winsberg asked the defendant to stand when the verdicts were read .	Judge Jerome Winsberg asked the defendants to stand when the verdicts were read .	sing_plur	320
The firefighter did a tremendous job last night .	The firefighters did a tremendous job last night .	sing_plur	322
The man will leave for Africa on Sunday .	The men will leave for Africa on Sunday .	sing_plur	323
But the suspect never had a chance .	But the suspects never had a chance .	sing_plur	324
The monk demanded an apology by September 17 .	The monks demanded an apology by September 17 .	sing_plur	325
The way it went wrong are well chronicled .	The ways it went wrong are well chronicled .	sing_plur	327
Northumbria Police released a description of the man .	Northumbria Police released a description of the men .	sing_plur	329
Fukuda acknowledged the difficulty ahead .	Fukuda acknowledged the difficulties ahead .	sing_plur	332
The Trojan certainly did .	The Trojans certainly did .	sing_plur	333
German federal police experts worked with Interpol to unscramble the image .	German federal police experts worked with Interpol to unscramble the images .	sing_plur	334
However , ultimately the talk came to nothing .	However , ultimately the talks came to nothing .	sing_plur	335
Project Manager Bernadette Layden is collecting photographs and stories for the celebration .	Project Manager Bernadette Layden is collecting photographs and stories for the celebrations .	sing_plur	338
And then there are the various round of cease-fire talks .	And then there are the various rounds of cease-fire talks .	sing_plur	339
He did not know the identity of the two other victims .	He did not know the identities of the two other victims .	sing_plur	340
The AU troops said they initially repelled the assailant .	The AU troops said they initially repelled the assailants .	sing_plur	341
The argument will go on .	The arguments will go on .	sing_plur	342
And do not forget the little thing that can help draw in passers-by .	And do not forget the little things that can help draw in passers-by .	sing_plur	343
Many in the queue knew the limits of Britain 's niggardly deposit-compensation arrangements .	Many in the queues knew the limits of Britain 's niggardly deposit-compensation arrangements .	sing_plur	344
Even a haircut was enough to get Nyiregyhazi into the paper .	Even a haircut was enough to get Nyiregyhazi into the papers .	sing_plur	345
The German official spoke on condition of anonymity , citing ministry policy .	The German officials spoke on condition of anonymity , citing ministry policy .	sing_plur	346
Arab states share the Palestinian concern .	Arab states share the Palestinian concerns .	sing_plur	349
Each had four nominations going into the award .	Each had four nominations going into the awards .	sing_plur	351
Even the Scot trod a fine line .	Even the Scots trod a fine line .	sing_plur	353
Xinhua said China has established breeding bases to help protect the animal .	Xinhua said China has established breeding bases to help protect the animals .	sing_plur	358
Both were under court order to attend the proceeding .	Both were under court order to attend the proceedings .	sing_plur	361
You did not lose the game because of the tactic .	You did not lose the game because of the tactics .	sing_plur	362
The charge stemmed from a traffic stop in Los Angeles last month .	The charges stemmed from a traffic stop in Los Angeles last month .	sing_plur	364
Madin said the specimen they collected included several possibly newly discovered species .	Madin said the specimens they collected included several possibly newly discovered species .	sing_plur	366
Chaudhry ordered the reopening of the road .	Chaudhry ordered the reopening of the roads .	sing_plur	367
is not on the card before early next year .	is not on the cards before early next year .	sing_plur	368
We do not have the record from any of those contacts .	We do not have the records from any of those contacts .	sing_plur	369
But production costs are mounting and a brutal insurgency has targeted the planter .	But production costs are mounting and a brutal insurgency has targeted the planters .	sing_plur	370
They were the child of Christy Winans , 31 , who escaped .	They were the children of Christy Winans , 31 , who escaped .	sing_plur	371
And they both paid up , shifting the winning between them .	And they both paid up , shifting the winnings between them .	sing_plur	372
He said the indictment and detentions would be appealed .	He said the indictments and detentions would be appealed .	sing_plur	373
But the prisoner did more than tolerate it .	But the prisoners did more than tolerate it .	sing_plur	375
He said further studies are required to confirm the finding .	He said further studies are required to confirm the findings .	sing_plur	376
By nightfall , the flame had completely run through the subdivision .	By nightfall , the flames had completely run through the subdivision .	sing_plur	377
An enormous wall of smoke rose up over the hill and canyons .	An enormous wall of smoke rose up over the hills and canyons .	sing_plur	380
Paramedics pronounced the woman dead at the scene .	Paramedics pronounced the women dead at the scene .	sing_plur	381
The flower cost $ 27,435.14 .	The flowers cost $ 27,435.14 .	sing_plur	384
It was destroyed by the Roman in A.D. 70 .	It was destroyed by the Romans in A.D. 70 .	sing_plur	386
Then we admire the donkey .	Then we admire the donkeys .	sing_plur	388
The other took dummy pills .	The others took dummy pills .	sing_plur	391
The White House contends lawsuits could bankrupt the company and reveal classified information .	The White House contends lawsuits could bankrupt the companies and reveal classified information .	sing_plur	392
The Sadrist had been threatening to bolt the Shiite alliance for several days .	The Sadrists had been threatening to bolt the Shiite alliance for several days .	sing_plur	394
CBS even helped let the contestant off the hook .	CBS even helped let the contestants off the hook .	sing_plur	395
SAP gave no reason for the departure .	SAP gave no reason for the departures .	sing_plur	397
The Husky got 102 yards rushing and 153 yards passing from Locker .	The Huskies got 102 yards rushing and 153 yards passing from Locker .	sing_plur	398
He told the jumpy young policeman that he went with the other .	He told the jumpy young policeman that he went with the others .	sing_plur	400
McCartney declined to respond to the British interview .	McCartney declined to respond to the British interviews .	sing_plur	401
The parasite , called trematodes , have a series of host species .	The parasites , called trematodes , have a series of host species .	sing_plur	402
She denied the charge .	She denied the charges .	sing_plur	403
But confidence gradually returned during 2002 as the central bank cut interest rates .	But confidence gradually returned during 2002 as the central banks cut interest rates .	sing_plur	404
The relationship they forged proved lucrative for both sides .	The relationships they forged proved lucrative for both sides .	sing_plur	406
There is no escaping the stark fact .	There is no escaping the stark facts .	sing_plur	407
The action also would intensify an existing humanitarian crisis , the group said .	The actions also would intensify an existing humanitarian crisis , the group said .	sing_plur	408
There have been figures reported in the paper .	There have been figures reported in the papers .	sing_plur	410
Fuel , aluminum and glass prices have soared in the last several year .	Fuel , aluminum and glass prices have soared in the last several years .	sing_plur	411
It was published in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	It was published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	412
His father has taken away the key and removed the battery .	His father has taken away the keys and removed the battery .	sing_plur	413
Now come the contrarian .	Now come the contrarians .	sing_plur	414
The market recovered quickly and the dotcom bubble reached its apogee .	The markets recovered quickly and the dotcom bubble reached its apogee .	sing_plur	416
Sorensen said he expects the verdict to be appealed .	Sorensen said he expects the verdicts to be appealed .	sing_plur	417
It is imperative to expose the hidden secret .	It is imperative to expose the hidden secrets .	sing_plur	418
It was unclear what prompted the other arrest .	It was unclear what prompted the other arrests .	sing_plur	419
Their mother started teaching the boy to dance when they were 3 .	Their mother started teaching the boys to dance when they were 3 .	sing_plur	420
The author said they had no conflicts of interest .	The authors said they had no conflicts of interest .	sing_plur	421
The parent said that they were bitterly disappointed with the sentence .	The parents said that they were bitterly disappointed with the sentence .	sing_plur	423
The turkey will ship directly to consumers ' homes before November 14th .	The turkeys will ship directly to consumers ' homes before November 14th .	sing_plur	424
" The general " condemned this attack in the strongest possible word .	" The general " condemned this attack in the strongest possible words .	sing_plur	425
Eight people have died in the clash over the last fortnight .	Eight people have died in the clashes over the last fortnight .	sing_plur	426
The vineyard served ports .	The vineyards served ports .	sing_plur	427
Over the year , the hotel has had several owners .	Over the years , the hotel has had several owners .	sing_plur	428
The helicopter finally got off the ground Tuesday .	The helicopters finally got off the ground Tuesday .	sing_plur	429
The family said that the failure contributed to his death .	The family said that the failures contributed to his death .	sing_plur	430
He has said the punch damaged his hearing .	He has said the punches damaged his hearing .	sing_plur	433
Peres eventually signed the paper late on Monday .	Peres eventually signed the papers late on Monday .	sing_plur	434
And last May , federal lawmakers demanded protection from the simian .	And last May , federal lawmakers demanded protection from the simians .	sing_plur	435
Rice would end up replacing all of the regional assistant secretary .	Rice would end up replacing all of the regional assistant secretaries .	sing_plur	436
Everett 's injury was not the only one sustained by the Bill .	Everett 's injury was not the only one sustained by the Bills .	sing_plur	437
She said the school teaches the same course taught to American soldiers .	She said the school teaches the same courses taught to American soldiers .	sing_plur	438
Matt Herges relieved and walked Chris Young , loading the base .	Matt Herges relieved and walked Chris Young , loading the bases .	sing_plur	439
In spring , the mountain caribou migrate to the valley below .	In spring , the mountain caribou migrate to the valleys below .	sing_plur	440
No , there was nothing behind the name .	No , there was nothing behind the names .	sing_plur	442
Sharon denied allegations he was spying for Israel , the report said .	Sharon denied allegations he was spying for Israel , the reports said .	sing_plur	443
The other ducked and were spared , he said .	The others ducked and were spared , he said .	sing_plur	444
These were not so much gloves as riding chaps for the hand .	These were not so much gloves as riding chaps for the hands .	sing_plur	445
The business was ignoring the national talk about working hours and conditions .	The business was ignoring the national talks about working hours and conditions .	sing_plur	446
The transcript , obtained by the AP on Friday , illustrate the friction .	The transcripts , obtained by the AP on Friday , illustrate the friction .	sing_plur	447
And it is not just about the geographical aspect of cross-culture .	And it is not just about the geographical aspects of cross-culture .	sing_plur	448
Peterson has not left the vineyard behind .	Peterson has not left the vineyards behind .	sing_plur	449
The Duck could use their two veteran stars .	The Ducks could use their two veteran stars .	sing_plur	450
The Duck finished 7-6 overall and tied for fifth in the Pac-10 .	The Ducks finished 7-6 overall and tied for fifth in the Pac-10 .	sing_plur	453
Human Rights Watch urged Musharraf to release the detainee .	Human Rights Watch urged Musharraf to release the detainees .	sing_plur	455
International pressure has had little impact over the year .	International pressure has had little impact over the years .	sing_plur	456
Click here to read a paper presenting the finding .	Click here to read a paper presenting the findings .	sing_plur	458
Martin never want to jail on the charge .	Martin never want to jail on the charges .	sing_plur	459
His wife , Shinko Manabe , said she saw the difference .	His wife , Shinko Manabe , said she saw the differences .	sing_plur	460
Labour , however , hotly disputed the Nationalist , claims .	Labour , however , hotly disputed the Nationalists , claims .	sing_plur	462
It cooked into the familiar brown pebble .	It cooked into the familiar brown pebbles .	sing_plur	464
It was doing things that were good for the student .	It was doing things that were good for the students .	sing_plur	465
The young driver can also find themselves in court .	The young drivers can also find themselves in court .	sing_plur	466
Many Republicans condemned the remark .	Many Republicans condemned the remarks .	sing_plur	467
They relax the circuit .	They relax the circuits .	sing_plur	468
During the show the couple performed their favourite three dances from the competition .	During the show the couples performed their favourite three dances from the competition .	sing_plur	470
The sixth-grader peppered the seniors with questions .	The sixth-graders peppered the seniors with questions .	sing_plur	471
Patel declined to address the detail of Padilla 's case .	Patel declined to address the details of Padilla 's case .	sing_plur	473
Nowak has pleaded not guilty to the charge .	Nowak has pleaded not guilty to the charges .	sing_plur	474
It was not immediately clear if any of the recipient fell ill .	It was not immediately clear if any of the recipients fell ill .	sing_plur	475
It resembled the lace of a football .	It resembled the laces of a football .	sing_plur	476
The diplomat left Afghanistan on Thursday , Siddique said .	The diplomats left Afghanistan on Thursday , Siddique said .	sing_plur	478
The coach involved in the collision were both from Telford firm Elcock Reisen .	The coaches involved in the collision were both from Telford firm Elcock Reisen .	sing_plur	480
Then there are the haircut .	Then there are the haircuts .	sing_plur	483
We think it is up to the local authority to deal with it .	We think it is up to the local authorities to deal with it .	sing_plur	484
Instead , Kerry and Edwards soared in the final day of the caucus .	Instead , Kerry and Edwards soared in the final days of the caucus .	sing_plur	485
The brother , from north-west London , had denied murdering the shopkeeper .	The brothers , from north-west London , had denied murdering the shopkeeper .	sing_plur	486
The injury she received were not thought to be life threatening .	The injuries she received were not thought to be life threatening .	sing_plur	487
His aides say he will sharpen the distinction with her tonight .	His aides say he will sharpen the distinctions with her tonight .	sing_plur	488
My job was mixing up the mash for the chicken .	My job was mixing up the mash for the chickens .	sing_plur	489
" " Those are the hero to me .	" " Those are the heroes to me .	sing_plur	490
His 522 career saves are most in the major .	His 522 career saves are most in the majors .	sing_plur	491
" I do not care about the critic , " he says .	" I do not care about the critics , " he says .	sing_plur	493
Six of the victim died when their 23-metre vessel sank off Calabria .	Six of the victims died when their 23-metre vessel sank off Calabria .	sing_plur	494
The Marching Storm has had brushes with mainstream attention over the year .	The Marching Storm has had brushes with mainstream attention over the years .	sing_plur	496
The twins were the sweetest kid .	The twins were the sweetest kids .	sing_plur	497
They are too much the creature of their industry .	They are too much the creatures of their industry .	sing_plur	498
This campaign bolsters the effort of Washington State .	This campaign bolsters the efforts of Washington State .	sing_plur	499
The plaintiff said they were considering whether to appeal .	The plaintiffs said they were considering whether to appeal .	sing_plur	502
He is like the bassoon and the viola in the orchestra .	He is like the bassoon and the violas in the orchestra .	sing_plur	504
That is why there was such disagreement among the strategist .	That is why there was such disagreement among the strategists .	sing_plur	505
A total of 12 people were killed as Marines cleared the house .	A total of 12 people were killed as Marines cleared the houses .	sing_plur	506
Neither have the misconception .	Neither have the misconceptions .	sing_plur	508
Prosecutors had challenged the subpoena in federal court .	Prosecutors had challenged the subpoenas in federal court .	sing_plur	510
As the architect measured , they made architect-type comments .	As the architects measured , they made architect-type comments .	sing_plur	512
The side will be in court again next month .	The sides will be in court again next month .	sing_plur	513
The authority said the man went into traumatic cardiac arrest and died .	The authorities said the man went into traumatic cardiac arrest and died .	sing_plur	514
Throw away the stones and put the plum slice into a saucepan .	Throw away the stones and put the plum slices into a saucepan .	sing_plur	515
The Roman , for instance , used urine to whiten theirs .	The Romans , for instance , used urine to whiten theirs .	sing_plur	516
The U.S. military calls the man concerned local citizens .	The U.S. military calls the men concerned local citizens .	sing_plur	517
The Wizard will open the preseason Oct. 9 at Cleveland .	The Wizards will open the preseason Oct. 9 at Cleveland .	sing_plur	518
It is the mediocritization of the medium .	It is the mediocritization of the media .	sing_plur	519
Authorities earlier ruled out murder-suicide in the death .	Authorities earlier ruled out murder-suicide in the deaths .	sing_plur	520
Byers ' attorney , David Rohrer , said the boy denies the charge .	Byers ' attorney , David Rohrer , said the boy denies the charges .	sing_plur	521
Olmert 's office swiftly denied the allegation .	Olmert 's office swiftly denied the allegations .	sing_plur	523
The association assigns a caseworker to coordinate the proceeding .	The association assigns a caseworker to coordinate the proceedings .	sing_plur	524
The other would wash or be washed in the basement sink .	The others would wash or be washed in the basement sink .	sing_plur	525
The bulimic woman had lower levels of the chemical .	The bulimic women had lower levels of the chemical .	sing_plur	526
The odd of selecting the winning numbers were one in 176 million .	The odds of selecting the winning numbers were one in 176 million .	sing_plur	527
The ANC 's traditional 8 January statement will outline the priority for 2008 .	The ANC 's traditional 8 January statement will outline the priorities for 2008 .	sing_plur	529
But it is unclear how many new hunters are recruited through the program .	But it is unclear how many new hunters are recruited through the programs .	sing_plur	533
They have displayed their solidarity for the lawyer of Pakistan .	They have displayed their solidarity for the lawyers of Pakistan .	sing_plur	534
The attack heightened sectarian tensions between Sunni and Shiite Muslims .	The attacks heightened sectarian tensions between Sunni and Shiite Muslims .	sing_plur	537
Florida and South Carolina have the highest percentage .	Florida and South Carolina have the highest percentages .	sing_plur	540
But other officials played down the figure .	But other officials played down the figures .	sing_plur	542
Her body was found in Templeton Woods on the outskirt of the city .	Her body was found in Templeton Woods on the outskirts of the city .	sing_plur	544
Rhodesia 's abundant mineral wealth led other countries to violate the sanction .	Rhodesia 's abundant mineral wealth led other countries to violate the sanctions .	sing_plur	545
The two discussed the six-party talk on Korea .	The two discussed the six-party talks on Korea .	sing_plur	548
Many of the school saw significant benefits .	Many of the schools saw significant benefits .	sing_plur	549
He was explaining the detail during an appearance Friday in New Hampshire .	He was explaining the details during an appearance Friday in New Hampshire .	sing_plur	550
COLMES : You 've seen the comparison .	COLMES : You 've seen the comparisons .	sing_plur	552
It is a last chance for a vengeful elbow in the rib .	It is a last chance for a vengeful elbow in the ribs .	sing_plur	553
He was on the most-wanted list of the Marshals Service and ICE .	He was on the most-wanted lists of the Marshals Service and ICE .	sing_plur	554
Love the chat !	Love the chats !	sing_plur	557
It is not known how the pathogen acinetobacter was introduced to the patient .	It is not known how the pathogen acinetobacter was introduced to the patients .	sing_plur	558
Hurricanes are a natural hazard in the low-lying island .	Hurricanes are a natural hazard in the low-lying islands .	sing_plur	559
Its ads sometimes appear inside the application created by third-party developers .	Its ads sometimes appear inside the applications created by third-party developers .	sing_plur	561
The victim 's brother complained his background had been distorted by the medium .	The victim 's brother complained his background had been distorted by the media .	sing_plur	562
I love the relationship in the community .	I love the relationships in the community .	sing_plur	563
The plot portrays the horror of drug culture .	The plot portrays the horrors of drug culture .	sing_plur	564
As the decade passed , the once grand building grew ratty .	As the decades passed , the once grand building grew ratty .	sing_plur	565
The district must be approved by the council .	The districts must be approved by the council .	sing_plur	566
We need to see how they came to the figure .	We need to see how they came to the figures .	sing_plur	567
The proposal followed a review by Security Minister Lord West .	The proposals followed a review by Security Minister Lord West .	sing_plur	569
Follow the step below .	Follow the steps below .	sing_plur	570
I had many of the same interest .	I had many of the same interests .	sing_plur	571
The raid targeted al-Qaida in Iraq operational networks , the US army said .	The raids targeted al-Qaida in Iraq operational networks , the US army said .	sing_plur	572
We have also admired its diverse and relatively unfearful support of the art .	We have also admired its diverse and relatively unfearful support of the arts .	sing_plur	573
The House had voted Oct. 16 to prohibit the tax for four years .	The House had voted Oct. 16 to prohibit the taxes for four years .	sing_plur	574
The officer who responded found cocaine in the apartment instead .	The officers who responded found cocaine in the apartment instead .	sing_plur	576
The 16 losses is tied for most in the major .	The 16 losses is tied for most in the majors .	sing_plur	577
She shrugged off the attack .	She shrugged off the attacks .	sing_plur	578
Pfizer did not check for the patented ingredient of its rivals .	Pfizer did not check for the patented ingredients of its rivals .	sing_plur	579
Israel says it imposes the restriction to prevent possible attacks by Palestinian militants .	Israel says it imposes the restrictions to prevent possible attacks by Palestinian militants .	sing_plur	582
The big surprise came with the second flight .	The big surprises came with the second flight .	sing_plur	583
He said work is under way to bring utilities to the cavern .	He said work is under way to bring utilities to the caverns .	sing_plur	585
I had the chance to speak to some of the lieutenant .	I had the chance to speak to some of the lieutenants .	sing_plur	586
Click on the link below to read more about them .	Click on the links below to read more about them .	sing_plur	587
Just 7.7 % of men cited harm to the kid .	Just 7.7 % of men cited harm to the kids .	sing_plur	588
Most suffered light injuries , the report said .	Most suffered light injuries , the reports said .	sing_plur	590
Then , the American firm had little foreign presence outside London .	Then , the American firms had little foreign presence outside London .	sing_plur	592
They both bought the house and both contribute to the monthly payment .	They both bought the house and both contribute to the monthly payments .	sing_plur	593
In September , state-controlled media ran rare admissions by officials about the problem .	In September , state-controlled media ran rare admissions by officials about the problems .	sing_plur	595
They , along with many others , failed to foresee the risk .	They , along with many others , failed to foresee the risks .	sing_plur	597
Even the folk at RIM might have something up their sleeves .	Even the folks at RIM might have something up their sleeves .	sing_plur	598
That could help communities that draw their water straight from the reservoir .	That could help communities that draw their water straight from the reservoirs .	sing_plur	599
It is educated the seller .	It is educated the sellers .	sing_plur	600
A.A.E.I. does not work only through the medium .	A.A.E.I. does not work only through the media .	sing_plur	601
It is not just the attorney complaining .	It is not just the attorneys complaining .	sing_plur	602
The loan will help pay to replace personal possessions lost in the fire .	The loans will help pay to replace personal possessions lost in the fire .	sing_plur	604
Strollers jam the sidewalk and block the narrow cafes .	Strollers jam the sidewalks and block the narrow cafes .	sing_plur	605
But the towering flame and flying embers rendered them useless this time .	But the towering flames and flying embers rendered them useless this time .	sing_plur	608
The move cemented Murdoch 's reputation as an empire-builder .	The moves cemented Murdoch 's reputation as an empire-builder .	sing_plur	611
Here are some of the best place to visit .	Here are some of the best places to visit .	sing_plur	612
The specific detail related to these charges are explained below .	The specific details related to these charges are explained below .	sing_plur	613
The Trojan made a primary receiver of tight end Fred Davis as well .	The Trojans made a primary receiver of tight end Fred Davis as well .	sing_plur	614
Free now on probation , Winkler wants the child back .	Free now on probation , Winkler wants the children back .	sing_plur	618
Add the apple , honey and parsley and cook for 2 minutes .	Add the apples , honey and parsley and cook for 2 minutes .	sing_plur	619
The US eighth seed could face Henin in the quarter-final .	The US eighth seed could face Henin in the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	621
Competition was mother 's milk for the astronaut .	Competition was mother 's milk for the astronauts .	sing_plur	622
And then there are the fee -- oh , the fees .	And then there are the fees -- oh , the fees .	sing_plur	623
Both major parties have endorsed candidates in the contested race .	Both major parties have endorsed candidates in the contested races .	sing_plur	624
Musharraf also moved quickly to control the medium .	Musharraf also moved quickly to control the media .	sing_plur	625
But the number only partly describe the reality on the ground .	But the numbers only partly describe the reality on the ground .	sing_plur	626
The celebration went beyond the trading rooms .	The celebrations went beyond the trading rooms .	sing_plur	630
Bury the bulb 4in-6in deep and about 6in apart .	Bury the bulbs 4in-6in deep and about 6in apart .	sing_plur	631
In an interview , Fenty said he understood the concern about the case .	In an interview , Fenty said he understood the concerns about the case .	sing_plur	632
" " Our officers died to protect the citizen of Pakistan .	" " Our officers died to protect the citizens of Pakistan .	sing_plur	634
The experiment on the rats lasted only about 20 minutes .	The experiments on the rats lasted only about 20 minutes .	sing_plur	635
Answer the question as best you can .	Answer the questions as best you can .	sing_plur	636
But it was out there on the street .	But it was out there on the streets .	sing_plur	637
The injured officer in Durango suffered cuts from flying glass .	The injured officers in Durango suffered cuts from flying glass .	sing_plur	638
But he believes the benefit would extend beyond WaterFire .	But he believes the benefits would extend beyond WaterFire .	sing_plur	639
Five teams fell from the ranking this week .	Five teams fell from the rankings this week .	sing_plur	641
But the crowds are on the street .	But the crowds are on the streets .	sing_plur	643
Jihadists paraded brazenly in Waziristan , dragging " criminals " through the street .	Jihadists paraded brazenly in Waziristan , dragging " criminals " through the streets .	sing_plur	644
" We encourage pirates to leave the ship , " said Robertson .	" We encourage pirates to leave the ships , " said Robertson .	sing_plur	648
It is not what the parent dreamed of .	It is not what the parents dreamed of .	sing_plur	651
He declined to comment on the raid or on any arrests made .	He declined to comment on the raids or on any arrests made .	sing_plur	652
Giant signs explaining the marijuana law decorate the wall .	Giant signs explaining the marijuana law decorate the walls .	sing_plur	653
The respondent then chose their favorites in Television , Movies and Music .	The respondents then chose their favorites in Television , Movies and Music .	sing_plur	654
The Financial Services Authority is said to be monitoring the case .	The Financial Services Authority is said to be monitoring the cases .	sing_plur	656
Great place to watch the boat .	Great place to watch the boats .	sing_plur	657
The Paris-based campaign group Reporters Without Borders has condemned the arrest .	The Paris-based campaign group Reporters Without Borders has condemned the arrests .	sing_plur	658
The hill and seas will bristle with turbines .	The hills and seas will bristle with turbines .	sing_plur	660
Hundreds more protesters onshore beat drums and chanted in support of the surfer .	Hundreds more protesters onshore beat drums and chanted in support of the surfers .	sing_plur	661
But the result , according to Brandt , have tremendous possibilities .	But the results , according to Brandt , have tremendous possibilities .	sing_plur	662
The caretaker will manage the country until elections due by Jan. 9 .	The caretakers will manage the country until elections due by Jan. 9 .	sing_plur	664
Turkey is a very important ally in our war against the terrorist .	Turkey is a very important ally in our war against the terrorists .	sing_plur	665
Place the potato in a large saucepan and add enough water to cover .	Place the potatoes in a large saucepan and add enough water to cover .	sing_plur	668
Now , he is realizing the reward of that struggle .	Now , he is realizing the rewards of that struggle .	sing_plur	669
Compensation , payroll taxes and fringe benefits decreased $ 19,000 over the period .	Compensation , payroll taxes and fringe benefits decreased $ 19,000 over the periods .	sing_plur	670
The researcher can also wind the nanotube sock horizontally to make a film .	The researchers can also wind the nanotube sock horizontally to make a film .	sing_plur	672
The Senator won seven in a row from Oct. 25-Nov .	The Senators won seven in a row from Oct. 25-Nov .	sing_plur	673
The court must decide whether he is guilty or innocent .	The courts must decide whether he is guilty or innocent .	sing_plur	674
The Sudanese military denied the charge .	The Sudanese military denied the charges .	sing_plur	675
The finding immediately caused a sensation - and drew criticism .	The findings immediately caused a sensation - and drew criticism .	sing_plur	676
Iran is meeting the daily need of Iraqis .	Iran is meeting the daily needs of Iraqis .	sing_plur	677
The company figures the giveaway cost $ 29 million .	The company figures the giveaways cost $ 29 million .	sing_plur	680
A council meeting will decide on the proposal on 9 October .	A council meeting will decide on the proposals on 9 October .	sing_plur	681
Thursday 's bombing blew the clothes off some of the victim .	Thursday 's bombing blew the clothes off some of the victims .	sing_plur	683
The emergency rule is directed towards the judiciary and the medium .	The emergency rule is directed towards the judiciary and the media .	sing_plur	684
The models have been chosen because they fit easily into the sample .	The models have been chosen because they fit easily into the samples .	sing_plur	685
The majority of the decline came from newly acquired systems .	The majority of the declines came from newly acquired systems .	sing_plur	688
The lucky one will find their homes still standing amid a blackened landscape .	The lucky ones will find their homes still standing amid a blackened landscape .	sing_plur	689
Most have little chance of racing with the leader .	Most have little chance of racing with the leaders .	sing_plur	690
AO lost in the semifinal .	AO lost in the semifinals .	sing_plur	691
" They are the only link with my past , " she said .	" They are the only links with my past , " she said .	sing_plur	692
That mast was never examined during any of the official investigation .	That mast was never examined during any of the official investigations .	sing_plur	693
The president attended a memorial service for the victim in the capital .	The president attended a memorial service for the victims in the capital .	sing_plur	694
Neither , it seems , do the contestant .	Neither , it seems , do the contestants .	sing_plur	696
You run the risk of committing the same mistake .	You run the risk of committing the same mistakes .	sing_plur	697
There was no indication of who is behind the attack .	There was no indication of who is behind the attacks .	sing_plur	698
Americans , however , are far more receptive to the ad .	Americans , however , are far more receptive to the ads .	sing_plur	699
And I understand the emotion .	And I understand the emotions .	sing_plur	700
Her problems came with the fact of the case .	Her problems came with the facts of the case .	sing_plur	701
Then the Celtic really took control .	Then the Celtics really took control .	sing_plur	702
Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statement .	Actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	703
He immediately went to Amsterdam to plead for the Quaker .	He immediately went to Amsterdam to plead for the Quakers .	sing_plur	704
He apparently planned to sexually assault the child .	He apparently planned to sexually assault the children .	sing_plur	705
The unit will remain shut down for an indeterminate period of time .	The units will remain shut down for an indeterminate period of time .	sing_plur	706
But the size of the teachers ' bonuses could vary .	But the sizes of the teachers ' bonuses could vary .	sing_plur	707
Only the blessing did not come .	Only the blessings did not come .	sing_plur	708
Olmert has dismissed the various investigation as a political witch hunt .	Olmert has dismissed the various investigations as a political witch hunt .	sing_plur	709
They said they were not sure whether their home survived the fire .	They said they were not sure whether their home survived the fires .	sing_plur	710
A Raiders spokesman declined to comment on the status of the talk .	A Raiders spokesman declined to comment on the status of the talks .	sing_plur	712
Lewes council 's planning officer had recommended councillors passed the proposal .	Lewes council 's planning officer had recommended councillors passed the proposals .	sing_plur	713
Our candidates are ready for the new challenge of the 21st century .	Our candidates are ready for the new challenges of the 21st century .	sing_plur	716
Bush asked lawmakers to approve the request before the holiday .	Bush asked lawmakers to approve the request before the holidays .	sing_plur	718
After the protest , the government banned gatherings of more than five people .	After the protests , the government banned gatherings of more than five people .	sing_plur	719
The firefighter said candles should not be left to burn .	The firefighters said candles should not be left to burn .	sing_plur	720
He warned militants not to harm the captive soldier .	He warned militants not to harm the captive soldiers .	sing_plur	721
Ackerman says the research looks only at the level of fumes .	Ackerman says the research looks only at the levels of fumes .	sing_plur	722
Attorneys for the man did not immediately return calls for comment .	Attorneys for the men did not immediately return calls for comment .	sing_plur	723
The decision follows disappointing results in the negotiation .	The decision follows disappointing results in the negotiations .	sing_plur	724
Windows in the area remain dark , the business closed .	Windows in the area remain dark , the businesses closed .	sing_plur	725
Williams will meet top-seeded Justine Henin in the semifinal .	Williams will meet top-seeded Justine Henin in the semifinals .	sing_plur	727
Anyone who works for the Americans must suffer the consequence .	Anyone who works for the Americans must suffer the consequences .	sing_plur	728
Take the seat , for example .	Take the seats , for example .	sing_plur	729
He said cholera and dengue fever were the main threat .	He said cholera and dengue fever were the main threats .	sing_plur	730
Running the engine without fuel could trigger a catastrophic explosion .	Running the engines without fuel could trigger a catastrophic explosion .	sing_plur	731
The other laughed .	The others laughed .	sing_plur	733
" " The stagehands have darkened the theater .	" " The stagehands have darkened the theaters .	sing_plur	736
But yesterday 's events high-lighted the obstacle to such an alliance .	But yesterday 's events high-lighted the obstacles to such an alliance .	sing_plur	739
The top performer intervene early and often .	The top performers intervene early and often .	sing_plur	741
The turboprop represented some 5 percent of S.A.S. ' s total fleet .	The turboprops represented some 5 percent of S.A.S. ' s total fleet .	sing_plur	743
You can see only few people in the street .	You can see only few people in the streets .	sing_plur	744
Authorities were investigating whether the deaths were due to the fire .	Authorities were investigating whether the deaths were due to the fires .	sing_plur	746
Three minutes later , Kovalchuk doubled over in pain against the board .	Three minutes later , Kovalchuk doubled over in pain against the boards .	sing_plur	747
Thousands of people poured into the street to denounce him .	Thousands of people poured into the streets to denounce him .	sing_plur	748
The implication for Jol could be serious .	The implications for Jol could be serious .	sing_plur	750
Three hours later , the forecaster received a reverse 911 .	Three hours later , the forecasters received a reverse 911 .	sing_plur	751
The authority said captains disregarded storm warnings .	The authorities said captains disregarded storm warnings .	sing_plur	753
The toxin can cause severe liver damage to livestock , poultry and people .	The toxins can cause severe liver damage to livestock , poultry and people .	sing_plur	754
The year-before poll got it wrong twice .	The year-before polls got it wrong twice .	sing_plur	755
Eventually , the great debate of the day intruded even at Brigham Young .	Eventually , the great debates of the day intruded even at Brigham Young .	sing_plur	757
Porter finished with 15 points for the Duck .	Porter finished with 15 points for the Ducks .	sing_plur	759
And they would underscore the deeds are more important than the word .	And they would underscore the deeds are more important than the words .	sing_plur	760
The female lay up to 80 eggs at a time .	The females lay up to 80 eggs at a time .	sing_plur	761
And , unfortunately , you cannot take back the bullet .	And , unfortunately , you cannot take back the bullets .	sing_plur	765
Cincinnati and Wisconsin also returned to the ranking this week .	Cincinnati and Wisconsin also returned to the rankings this week .	sing_plur	766
That cap will rise over the year with inflation .	That cap will rise over the years with inflation .	sing_plur	767
Malik Allen and Antoine Wright both scored 10 for the Net .	Malik Allen and Antoine Wright both scored 10 for the Nets .	sing_plur	768
There were Christmases when the boy received no presents .	There were Christmases when the boys received no presents .	sing_plur	770
I blamed it all on the strong wind .	I blamed it all on the strong winds .	sing_plur	771
The researcher also checked confirmed cases of type 2 diabetes among the group .	The researchers also checked confirmed cases of type 2 diabetes among the group .	sing_plur	775
The Ford contract closely follows the term of those agreements .	The Ford contract closely follows the terms of those agreements .	sing_plur	776
But the company had little interest , he said .	But the companies had little interest , he said .	sing_plur	778
The student made more modest improvements in reading , however .	The students made more modest improvements in reading , however .	sing_plur	781
In the meantime , the application began rolling in .	In the meantime , the applications began rolling in .	sing_plur	784
I spoke with Ms. Raffensperger briefly before the holiday .	I spoke with Ms. Raffensperger briefly before the holidays .	sing_plur	786
Mike Lowell doubled and Varitek walked to load the base .	Mike Lowell doubled and Varitek walked to load the bases .	sing_plur	787
Authorities did not name the doctor but their attorneys confirmed the searches .	Authorities did not name the doctors but their attorneys confirmed the searches .	sing_plur	789
He was later found liable for the slaying in a wrongful death trial .	He was later found liable for the slayings in a wrongful death trial .	sing_plur	790
Jokes flooded the country , praising the dog .	Jokes flooded the country , praising the dogs .	sing_plur	791
She will need the service of a real estate lawyer .	She will need the services of a real estate lawyer .	sing_plur	792
The minute did not say what that response might entail .	The minutes did not say what that response might entail .	sing_plur	793
I love the fan .	I love the fans .	sing_plur	794
But the law governing security contractors still have not been clarified .	But the laws governing security contractors still have not been clarified .	sing_plur	796
Actual results may differ materially from the result discussed in these forward-looking statements .	Actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in these forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	798
Researchers did not examine the possible cause for the varying times .	Researchers did not examine the possible causes for the varying times .	sing_plur	800
The card can be redeemed at Apple Inc .	The cards can be redeemed at Apple Inc .	sing_plur	801
The umpire then awarded the match to England on forfeit .	The umpires then awarded the match to England on forfeit .	sing_plur	802
" " There have been enormous changes to the defensive pattern .	" " There have been enormous changes to the defensive patterns .	sing_plur	803
Police tape now surrounds the entrance to the beige-and-brown mobile home .	Police tape now surrounds the entrances to the beige-and-brown mobile home .	sing_plur	807
No deaths have been reported in the latest rain .	No deaths have been reported in the latest rains .	sing_plur	808
But raves for KIPP far outnumber the criticism .	But raves for KIPP far outnumber the criticisms .	sing_plur	809
Click on the link below to read what they have to say .	Click on the links below to read what they have to say .	sing_plur	810
The rate returned to normal then the ban was lifted .	The rates returned to normal then the ban was lifted .	sing_plur	812
But first , before all of that , came the wind .	But first , before all of that , came the winds .	sing_plur	813
The recipient plainly felt fearful .	The recipients plainly felt fearful .	sing_plur	814
The result described herein cannot be guaranteed .	The results described herein cannot be guaranteed .	sing_plur	815
It accused the Sudanese government of failing to investigate the rape .	It accused the Sudanese government of failing to investigate the rapes .	sing_plur	818
Also , you need to know who supplied the number .	Also , you need to know who supplied the numbers .	sing_plur	819
Without this , the election cannot be democratic .	Without this , the elections cannot be democratic .	sing_plur	820
We will do it together with the Jordanian .	We will do it together with the Jordanians .	sing_plur	822
These are the value that our attackers despise but that Americans embrace .	These are the values that our attackers despise but that Americans embrace .	sing_plur	823
The devil is in the detail .	The devil is in the details .	sing_plur	824
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing .	sing_plur	826
When the soldier arrived , they fired warning shots .	When the soldiers arrived , they fired warning shots .	sing_plur	828
Reconstruction teams fanned out through the province .	Reconstruction teams fanned out through the provinces .	sing_plur	831
" They were the go-between , initially , " Steinbrenner said .	" They were the go-betweens , initially , " Steinbrenner said .	sing_plur	833
Tebow and Harvin were not the only star , either .	Tebow and Harvin were not the only stars , either .	sing_plur	834
Keothavong will meet Tzipora Obziler of Israel in the quarter-final .	Keothavong will meet Tzipora Obziler of Israel in the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	835
I even used to play cricket with the girl .	I even used to play cricket with the girls .	sing_plur	838
The strike could overflow into Friday .	The strikes could overflow into Friday .	sing_plur	840
The team traded touchdowns through the first two overtimes .	The teams traded touchdowns through the first two overtimes .	sing_plur	842
The report could not be independently confirmed because the is remote and dangerous .	The reports could not be independently confirmed because the is remote and dangerous .	sing_plur	843
As the violence rose , vehicles remained off the street .	As the violence rose , vehicles remained off the streets .	sing_plur	845
The hearing will be Monday , Tuesday and possibly Wednesday .	The hearings will be Monday , Tuesday and possibly Wednesday .	sing_plur	847
Mr Hu , however , probably yearns for the good old day .	Mr Hu , however , probably yearns for the good old days .	sing_plur	848
Iran denies the claim .	Iran denies the claims .	sing_plur	849
, lead sponsor of the bridge-repair fund .	, lead sponsor of the bridge-repair funds .	sing_plur	854
The Duck led 14-3 after one quarter .	The Ducks led 14-3 after one quarter .	sing_plur	858
But it also changed the mind of the journalists .	But it also changed the minds of the journalists .	sing_plur	859
Efforts to waste less were common to many of the entry .	Efforts to waste less were common to many of the entries .	sing_plur	861
Calls for him to stay on have grown ahead of the election .	Calls for him to stay on have grown ahead of the elections .	sing_plur	862
Poverty and lack of education have been the conventional scapegoat .	Poverty and lack of education have been the conventional scapegoats .	sing_plur	863
Microsoft sold nearly 528,000 of the console in September .	Microsoft sold nearly 528,000 of the consoles in September .	sing_plur	864
Tehran denies the allegation .	Tehran denies the allegations .	sing_plur	865
Most of the layoff will be in New York .	Most of the layoffs will be in New York .	sing_plur	867
She said the convoy will be limited to essential missions .	She said the convoys will be limited to essential missions .	sing_plur	868
It crash-landed , inflicting injuries on the other passenger and a pilot .	It crash-landed , inflicting injuries on the other passengers and a pilot .	sing_plur	869
Weis said the home losing streak was much more important to the player .	Weis said the home losing streak was much more important to the players .	sing_plur	870
The boy 's attorney said the boy denies the charge .	The boy 's attorney said the boy denies the charges .	sing_plur	872
Some of the killer had attended the School of the Americas .	Some of the killers had attended the School of the Americas .	sing_plur	873
Families of the victim and their lawyers demanded answers yesterday .	Families of the victims and their lawyers demanded answers yesterday .	sing_plur	874
The whole country , that is , except the bookie .	The whole country , that is , except the bookies .	sing_plur	877
If convicted , the defendant could be sentenced to life in prison .	If convicted , the defendants could be sentenced to life in prison .	sing_plur	878
The robber then sped off in an old model Mercedes Benz .	The robbers then sped off in an old model Mercedes Benz .	sing_plur	879
The cost of previous surveillance efforts has run into the million of dollars .	The cost of previous surveillance efforts has run into the millions of dollars .	sing_plur	880
Don 't go straight for the boob !	Don 't go straight for the boobs !	sing_plur	881
No one knows what happened in the week after his death in 2003 .	No one knows what happened in the weeks after his death in 2003 .	sing_plur	882
The Associated Press has helped to fill in some of the blank .	The Associated Press has helped to fill in some of the blanks .	sing_plur	884
The Spitzer administration strongly denies the allegation .	The Spitzer administration strongly denies the allegations .	sing_plur	886
U.S. troops now are invited into the home of sheiks for lunch .	U.S. troops now are invited into the homes of sheiks for lunch .	sing_plur	888
Slow down your mind and think through the necessary step .	Slow down your mind and think through the necessary steps .	sing_plur	889
Analysts say the effort might have paid off .	Analysts say the efforts might have paid off .	sing_plur	894
" We absolutely condemn the behavior of the authority , " Diaz said .	" We absolutely condemn the behavior of the authorities , " Diaz said .	sing_plur	895
The Celtic led 38-31 at the half .	The Celtics led 38-31 at the half .	sing_plur	897
For the member who remained , skepticism ran high .	For the members who remained , skepticism ran high .	sing_plur	900
He then sought before-and-after satellite photos of the region from commercial firms .	He then sought before-and-after satellite photos of the regions from commercial firms .	sing_plur	901
They want the fund to be more open about their holdings and operations .	They want the funds to be more open about their holdings and operations .	sing_plur	903
Varshock and his son followed the firefighter .	Varshock and his son followed the firefighters .	sing_plur	904
The latter two , regular Army , know the rope .	The latter two , regular Army , know the ropes .	sing_plur	906
He clearly did not want to relive the memory .	He clearly did not want to relive the memories .	sing_plur	907
He led the Celtic to the Eastern Conference finals in 2002 .	He led the Celtics to the Eastern Conference finals in 2002 .	sing_plur	908
She will also pay tribute to the sacrifice made by the armed forces .	She will also pay tribute to the sacrifices made by the armed forces .	sing_plur	909
Sapp and Burgess were both flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct penalties during the argument .	Sapp and Burgess were both flagged for unsportsmanlike conduct penalties during the arguments .	sing_plur	911
Judge Kennedy asked David H. Remes , a lawyer for the detainee .	Judge Kennedy asked David H. Remes , a lawyer for the detainees .	sing_plur	912
There was no comment from the Syrian authority .	There was no comment from the Syrian authorities .	sing_plur	913
The company did not announce the price of the songs .	The companies did not announce the price of the songs .	sing_plur	914
I have not even told you when the game will be played .	I have not even told you when the games will be played .	sing_plur	915
The Marlins have the smallest total attendance in the major .	The Marlins have the smallest total attendance in the majors .	sing_plur	916
Armenians have campaigned for the killing to be recognised internationally as genocide .	Armenians have campaigned for the killings to be recognised internationally as genocide .	sing_plur	917
25 June : North Korea confirms it has received the fund .	25 June : North Korea confirms it has received the funds .	sing_plur	919
The guard found Hadi in the corner with a bullet through his head .	The guards found Hadi in the corner with a bullet through his head .	sing_plur	920
The maid considered him too old for Sophia .	The maids considered him too old for Sophia .	sing_plur	921
The death , some blamed on Nkunda 's men , have outraged conservationists .	The deaths , some blamed on Nkunda 's men , have outraged conservationists .	sing_plur	922
The other interpreter will do the same .	The other interpreters will do the same .	sing_plur	924
But it is definitely on the card for the future .	But it is definitely on the cards for the future .	sing_plur	925
Iran denies both of the allegation .	Iran denies both of the allegations .	sing_plur	926
It is the same guy .	It is the same guys .	sing_plur	927
The result predicted that increasing height could help boost feelings of wellbeing .	The results predicted that increasing height could help boost feelings of wellbeing .	sing_plur	928
There was no official word on who might be behind the explosion .	There was no official word on who might be behind the explosions .	sing_plur	930
Many of the institution featured here have been endowed with official recognition .	Many of the institutions featured here have been endowed with official recognition .	sing_plur	931
" It is from the street , " in Iraq .	" It is from the streets , " in Iraq .	sing_plur	932
But winning the electoral vote is not necessarily Giuliani 's goal .	But winning the electoral votes is not necessarily Giuliani 's goal .	sing_plur	933
He will never know the issue .	He will never know the issues .	sing_plur	934
Radiohead 's do-it-yourself , price-it-yourself model recognizes the new digital fact of life .	Radiohead 's do-it-yourself , price-it-yourself model recognizes the new digital facts of life .	sing_plur	935
My job is to put the best player on the field .	My job is to put the best players on the field .	sing_plur	936
UNMOVIC staff are still working on the premise .	UNMOVIC staff are still working on the premises .	sing_plur	937
Laws attacking puppy mills are in the work in several states .	Laws attacking puppy mills are in the works in several states .	sing_plur	938
Four of our finalists chose the quarter-final .	Four of our finalists chose the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	939
And I take on the special interest .	And I take on the special interests .	sing_plur	941
Former Juventus forward Marcelo Zalayeta and Marek Hamsik were the marksman .	Former Juventus forward Marcelo Zalayeta and Marek Hamsik were the marksmen .	sing_plur	942
Instead , the partner will build a traditional natural gas-fired plant .	Instead , the partners will build a traditional natural gas-fired plant .	sing_plur	943
No one compensated the farmer , they said .	No one compensated the farmers , they said .	sing_plur	944
We have improved the worst neighborhood in this city .	We have improved the worst neighborhoods in this city .	sing_plur	946
Dealers reinforce those choices by only stocking the sure seller .	Dealers reinforce those choices by only stocking the sure sellers .	sing_plur	947
Wednesday 's reports did not specify the detail of the proposal .	Wednesday 's reports did not specify the details of the proposal .	sing_plur	948
Then the light on the walls went out completely .	Then the lights on the walls went out completely .	sing_plur	949
But Raul Castro also spoke to the regional leader .	But Raul Castro also spoke to the regional leaders .	sing_plur	951
He put the kitten down on the floor .	He put the kittens down on the floor .	sing_plur	952
The share jumped 60 per cent to 1p .	The shares jumped 60 per cent to 1p .	sing_plur	953
I had tried everything but had not got the result .	I had tried everything but had not got the results .	sing_plur	954
Jacksonville State denied the allegation .	Jacksonville State denied the allegations .	sing_plur	955
The specie had been hunted almost to extinction before the ban .	The species had been hunted almost to extinction before the ban .	sing_plur	956
Conference officials later asked the photographer not to publish the photos .	Conference officials later asked the photographers not to publish the photos .	sing_plur	957
A State Department press officer separately confirmed the remark .	A State Department press officer separately confirmed the remarks .	sing_plur	959
The top two teams from each group will qualify for the semi-final .	The top two teams from each group will qualify for the semi-finals .	sing_plur	961
The defender needed one more trick .	The defenders needed one more trick .	sing_plur	962
The trigger for that to happen were $ 19.58 to $ 24.75 .	The triggers for that to happen were $ 19.58 to $ 24.75 .	sing_plur	963
Thompson said he believed the endorsement would help at the poll .	Thompson said he believed the endorsement would help at the polls .	sing_plur	964
We do not know the answer .	We do not know the answers .	sing_plur	965
We all have the same question .	We all have the same questions .	sing_plur	966
All of the nurse wanted to come see him .	All of the nurses wanted to come see him .	sing_plur	969
He assumed the stain came from red wine .	He assumed the stains came from red wine .	sing_plur	970
Angelo Johnson had 17 points for the Trojan .	Angelo Johnson had 17 points for the Trojans .	sing_plur	971
Some of the change suggested by the report have already been made .	Some of the changes suggested by the report have already been made .	sing_plur	972
The doctor worked through the night to remove the extra limbs and organs .	The doctors worked through the night to remove the extra limbs and organs .	sing_plur	973
Not that Mr. Stefanski did not notice the profit to be had .	Not that Mr. Stefanski did not notice the profits to be had .	sing_plur	974
Benedict said he would elevate the prelate at a Vatican ceremony Nov. 24 .	Benedict said he would elevate the prelates at a Vatican ceremony Nov. 24 .	sing_plur	975
There is a big distinction between the procedural and the political aspect .	There is a big distinction between the procedural and the political aspects .	sing_plur	977
It is changing the curriculum of colleges and universities around the country .	It is changing the curricula of colleges and universities around the country .	sing_plur	978
Around 18,000 police provided security during the game .	Around 18,000 police provided security during the games .	sing_plur	980
John Edwards would try to abolish the cut immediately .	John Edwards would try to abolish the cuts immediately .	sing_plur	981
The loss in Asia appeared to be across the board .	The losses in Asia appeared to be across the board .	sing_plur	983
The airlines have all committed to co-operate fully with the authority .	The airlines have all committed to co-operate fully with the authorities .	sing_plur	985
The sandwich and baked goods are adapted for local tastes .	The sandwiches and baked goods are adapted for local tastes .	sing_plur	986
The military said no one was hurt in any of the attack .	The military said no one was hurt in any of the attacks .	sing_plur	987
The story of his drunken trip in Manhattan inevitably tarnished his image .	The stories of his drunken trip in Manhattan inevitably tarnished his image .	sing_plur	988
Riders must follow the rule of the road .	Riders must follow the rules of the road .	sing_plur	989
The pig will be sent to an animal shelter , Messmer said .	The pigs will be sent to an animal shelter , Messmer said .	sing_plur	990
He said the finding may shed light on psychiatric diseases .	He said the findings may shed light on psychiatric diseases .	sing_plur	993
Kibaki urged Kenyans to wait for the official result .	Kibaki urged Kenyans to wait for the official results .	sing_plur	995
Both hospital-associated and community-associated MRSA contained genes for the peptide .	Both hospital-associated and community-associated MRSA contained genes for the peptides .	sing_plur	996
The child survived .	The children survived .	sing_plur	997
He has denied the charge .	He has denied the charges .	sing_plur	998
: My heart goes out to the family .	: My heart goes out to the families .	sing_plur	999
The Islamic party Jamaat-e-Islami was among the group targeted .	The Islamic party Jamaat-e-Islami was among the groups targeted .	sing_plur	1000
But $ 15 million of that cannot be used for the primary .	But $ 15 million of that cannot be used for the primaries .	sing_plur	1001
At the military hospital I examine the patient .	At the military hospital I examine the patients .	sing_plur	1003
The mixed competition can lead to romantic matchups at parties after a game .	The mixed competitions can lead to romantic matchups at parties after a game .	sing_plur	1004
The naked hippy cavorting near the Slabs are genuine naked hippies .	The naked hippies cavorting near the Slabs are genuine naked hippies .	sing_plur	1005
Civil rights advocates have decried the charge as unfairly harsh .	Civil rights advocates have decried the charges as unfairly harsh .	sing_plur	1006
Joe Torre said Matsui would be the designated hitter in the playoff .	Joe Torre said Matsui would be the designated hitter in the playoffs .	sing_plur	1008
I followed the footstep left by the Mother .	I followed the footsteps left by the Mother .	sing_plur	1009
The firefighter also have to schedule the inspections around training and other drills .	The firefighters also have to schedule the inspections around training and other drills .	sing_plur	1010
MTV said the rapper canceled the appearance due to changes in his schedule .	MTV said the rapper canceled the appearances due to changes in his schedule .	sing_plur	1011
Flintoff is understood to be upset with the revelation .	Flintoff is understood to be upset with the revelations .	sing_plur	1013
Rupp said he was satisfied with the sentence .	Rupp said he was satisfied with the sentences .	sing_plur	1014
Police want to find the rightful owner .	Police want to find the rightful owners .	sing_plur	1015
It was the second meeting between the team this week .	It was the second meeting between the teams this week .	sing_plur	1017
I fill the day .	I fill the days .	sing_plur	1018
What he did was not commercial use , which triggers the legal issue .	What he did was not commercial use , which triggers the legal issues .	sing_plur	1019
He no longer tried to conceal the body .	He no longer tried to conceal the bodies .	sing_plur	1020
But his unmistakeable target was the judge and courts .	But his unmistakeable target was the judges and courts .	sing_plur	1021
I know some of the name .	I know some of the names .	sing_plur	1022
Jenkins did little campaigning until the final day of the election .	Jenkins did little campaigning until the final days of the election .	sing_plur	1023
No charges were brought against the driver involved .	No charges were brought against the drivers involved .	sing_plur	1024
Add the egg and beat until incorporated , 30 to 45 seconds .	Add the eggs and beat until incorporated , 30 to 45 seconds .	sing_plur	1025
The arrest took place two days after the bombing .	The arrests took place two days after the bombing .	sing_plur	1027
Keith Oppenheim fills us in on the detail .	Keith Oppenheim fills us in on the details .	sing_plur	1028
Now I remember the moment of homelessness outside Iraq .	Now I remember the moments of homelessness outside Iraq .	sing_plur	1031
The break-in is the second this month at the premise .	The break-in is the second this month at the premises .	sing_plur	1032
The child wore their best for their flight into refugee status .	The children wore their best for their flight into refugee status .	sing_plur	1035
The federal prosecutor then brought tax evasion charges against him .	The federal prosecutors then brought tax evasion charges against him .	sing_plur	1036
Police fired tear gas from the bed of pickup trucks .	Police fired tear gas from the beds of pickup trucks .	sing_plur	1038
Actual results may differ materially from the expectation contained in the forward-looking statements .	Actual results may differ materially from the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	1039
Ground forces and the aircraft withheld fire to avoid injuring the child .	Ground forces and the aircraft withheld fire to avoid injuring the children .	sing_plur	1040
But he acknowledges that research is in the early stage .	But he acknowledges that research is in the early stages .	sing_plur	1041
These statements are not encouraging Kosovo Albanians to show flexibility in the talk .	These statements are not encouraging Kosovo Albanians to show flexibility in the talks .	sing_plur	1042
Mrs. Geurin kept busy with the house and the child .	Mrs. Geurin kept busy with the house and the children .	sing_plur	1043
What is new is the spotlight Microsoft plans to shine on the program .	What is new is the spotlight Microsoft plans to shine on the programs .	sing_plur	1045
Hours later , we are still visiting with the neighbor .	Hours later , we are still visiting with the neighbors .	sing_plur	1046
The official requested anonymity because they were not authorized to release the information .	The officials requested anonymity because they were not authorized to release the information .	sing_plur	1047
Many of the contractor lugged dog kennels .	Many of the contractors lugged dog kennels .	sing_plur	1048
But even amid the excitement , several scientists cautioned against overinterpreting the result .	But even amid the excitement , several scientists cautioned against overinterpreting the results .	sing_plur	1051
Isolated problems were reported at the poll .	Isolated problems were reported at the polls .	sing_plur	1054
We can hear the shot ringing out .	We can hear the shots ringing out .	sing_plur	1055
In the first decade of the twentieth century , productivity again surged .	In the first decades of the twentieth century , productivity again surged .	sing_plur	1057
Lynch is not alone in calling for the group to be absorbed .	Lynch is not alone in calling for the groups to be absorbed .	sing_plur	1059
Drew Gooden had 12 points and 10 rebounds for the Cavalier .	Drew Gooden had 12 points and 10 rebounds for the Cavaliers .	sing_plur	1060
The product will , quite literally , fit together .	The products will , quite literally , fit together .	sing_plur	1061
The runner started going out .	The runners started going out .	sing_plur	1062
It is time for them to get a nod from the fan .	It is time for them to get a nod from the fans .	sing_plur	1067
Trainers and contestants lead the workout in the DVDs .	Trainers and contestants lead the workouts in the DVDs .	sing_plur	1069
The total value of the commodity , including transport , is $ 500,833 .	The total value of the commodities , including transport , is $ 500,833 .	sing_plur	1072
So you 've got to be careful about the definition .	So you 've got to be careful about the definitions .	sing_plur	1074
And it is not like the factor driving those problems have gone away .	And it is not like the factors driving those problems have gone away .	sing_plur	1076
The battery will be built by NGK Insulators Ltd. of Japan .	The batteries will be built by NGK Insulators Ltd. of Japan .	sing_plur	1077
Mr. Simpson said the item belonged to him , police said .	Mr. Simpson said the items belonged to him , police said .	sing_plur	1078
The offense picked up where they 'd left off in the opener .	The offenses picked up where they 'd left off in the opener .	sing_plur	1079
And the devil is in the detail on this one .	And the devil is in the details on this one .	sing_plur	1080
The medium such as the BBC likes to show otherwise .	The media such as the BBC likes to show otherwise .	sing_plur	1082
But the engineer on the ground did not immediately grasp its importance .	But the engineers on the ground did not immediately grasp its importance .	sing_plur	1083
Police have arrested an 18-year-old local man in connection with the attack .	Police have arrested an 18-year-old local man in connection with the attacks .	sing_plur	1084
High yields on Western mortgages enticed the lender .	High yields on Western mortgages enticed the lenders .	sing_plur	1085
The woman in Rupaspur say having proper pads has been a boon .	The women in Rupaspur say having proper pads has been a boon .	sing_plur	1086
Three Japanese girls entered the day-care center and frolicked among the cub .	Three Japanese girls entered the day-care center and frolicked among the cubs .	sing_plur	1087
And there are the alligator .	And there are the alligators .	sing_plur	1088
" " We were told by the doctor that the surgery went well .	" " We were told by the doctors that the surgery went well .	sing_plur	1090
Lawyers for the newspaper sought to quash subpoenas issued to the reporters .	Lawyers for the newspapers sought to quash subpoenas issued to the reporters .	sing_plur	1091
It is the force of civilization against the forces of anarchy .	It is the forces of civilization against the forces of anarchy .	sing_plur	1092
Jean Chretien of the Liberal becomes prime minister .	Jean Chretien of the Liberals becomes prime minister .	sing_plur	1093
He was expendable because the Red have outfielders Ken Griffey Jr .	He was expendable because the Reds have outfielders Ken Griffey Jr .	sing_plur	1094
It was a terrible night all around for the Bear ( 1-2 ) .	It was a terrible night all around for the Bears ( 1-2 ) .	sing_plur	1095
The game would be played at Rogers Center , formerly called SkyDome .	The games would be played at Rogers Center , formerly called SkyDome .	sing_plur	1097
Inequality has returned to the level of the 1920s .	Inequality has returned to the levels of the 1920s .	sing_plur	1098
Some economists saw distortions in the datum .	Some economists saw distortions in the data .	sing_plur	1102
Sit them with the kid for now .	Sit them with the kids for now .	sing_plur	1103
Mothers of college-age children are also opting for the procedure .	Mothers of college-age children are also opting for the procedures .	sing_plur	1105
The nature of the memento has changed .	The nature of the mementos has changed .	sing_plur	1106
The other company had their penalties reduced because they cooperated with the probe .	The other companies had their penalties reduced because they cooperated with the probe .	sing_plur	1110
Ashley spent last summer covering up the lasting mark of meningitis .	Ashley spent last summer covering up the lasting marks of meningitis .	sing_plur	1112
The tamale can be served as an appetizer or snack .	The tamales can be served as an appetizer or snack .	sing_plur	1113
The other did not answer .	The others did not answer .	sing_plur	1114
He then read some of the other note .	He then read some of the other notes .	sing_plur	1116
People waited , and waited for the model .	People waited , and waited for the models .	sing_plur	1117
Actual results could vary materially from the expectation reflected in these statements .	Actual results could vary materially from the expectations reflected in these statements .	sing_plur	1118
Health officials believe he may have inhaled anthrax spores while making the instrument .	Health officials believe he may have inhaled anthrax spores while making the instruments .	sing_plur	1120
Most of the woman emigrated from one city - Panstikova .	Most of the women emigrated from one city - Panstikova .	sing_plur	1121
The report did not give any details of the other arrest .	The report did not give any details of the other arrests .	sing_plur	1123
Bystanders helped pull the passenger from the plane .	Bystanders helped pull the passengers from the plane .	sing_plur	1124
A radiologist then checks the image for suspicious polyps .	A radiologist then checks the images for suspicious polyps .	sing_plur	1126
He did not seem too keen to talk about the detail .	He did not seem too keen to talk about the details .	sing_plur	1127
Pakistan is at the crossroad .	Pakistan is at the crossroads .	sing_plur	1128
MME goes behind the scene at the new channel .	MME goes behind the scenes at the new channel .	sing_plur	1131
The lesson learnt are complex but there is an answer .	The lessons learnt are complex but there is an answer .	sing_plur	1134
The police turned the immigrant over to Border Patrol agents .	The police turned the immigrants over to Border Patrol agents .	sing_plur	1135
He now lives in a dark , thread-bare house in the suburb .	He now lives in a dark , thread-bare house in the suburbs .	sing_plur	1136
In 1979 , the poll predicted Carter would beat Reagan .	In 1979 , the polls predicted Carter would beat Reagan .	sing_plur	1138
Many of the pilot did not file flight plans .	Many of the pilots did not file flight plans .	sing_plur	1141
The saving can be considerable .	The savings can be considerable .	sing_plur	1142
The energy is stored in the battery for later use .	The energy is stored in the batteries for later use .	sing_plur	1143
If you have the chance , take the stair .	If you have the chance , take the stairs .	sing_plur	1145
There was no lottery paper inventory accounting routine before the incident .	There was no lottery paper inventory accounting routine before the incidents .	sing_plur	1147
Johnson scores the touchdown .	Johnson scores the touchdowns .	sing_plur	1148
The crowd was starting to disperse when the first shot rang out .	The crowd was starting to disperse when the first shots rang out .	sing_plur	1150
Investigators have not determined who is responsible for the attack .	Investigators have not determined who is responsible for the attacks .	sing_plur	1151
The particle can adsorb pollutants .	The particles can adsorb pollutants .	sing_plur	1152
These are the net profit earned thus far this year .	These are the net profits earned thus far this year .	sing_plur	1153
On Wednesday , the reaction seemed like more of the same .	On Wednesday , the reactions seemed like more of the same .	sing_plur	1154
He found him and let some air out of the tire .	He found him and let some air out of the tires .	sing_plur	1155
The update will continue here today as well .	The updates will continue here today as well .	sing_plur	1156
Clooney said he only learned of the suspension on Tuesday .	Clooney said he only learned of the suspensions on Tuesday .	sing_plur	1157
The report rejects leaving the crack .	The report rejects leaving the cracks .	sing_plur	1158
Hundreds more were injured in the blast .	Hundreds more were injured in the blasts .	sing_plur	1159
It should be with the bishop shortly .	It should be with the bishops shortly .	sing_plur	1160
The identity of the brother has not been released .	The identity of the brothers has not been released .	sing_plur	1161
The result of Tuesday 's surgery will determine the senior will be out .	The results of Tuesday 's surgery will determine the senior will be out .	sing_plur	1164
Geoff Jenkins was walked intentionally to load the base .	Geoff Jenkins was walked intentionally to load the bases .	sing_plur	1166
The friend helped him carry items out .	The friends helped him carry items out .	sing_plur	1168
But that is where the similarity to " Second Life " end .	But that is where the similarities to " Second Life " end .	sing_plur	1169
He pitched a one-hitter against the Red in 1996 .	He pitched a one-hitter against the Reds in 1996 .	sing_plur	1170
The factor underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change .	The factors underlying our forecasts are dynamic and subject to change .	sing_plur	1171
Complaints of favoritism have not only come from the fan .	Complaints of favoritism have not only come from the fans .	sing_plur	1172
Safe will not even get us past the quarter-final .	Safe will not even get us past the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	1173
The president seeks comfort , often in the wrong place .	The president seeks comfort , often in the wrong places .	sing_plur	1174
The Red had trailed to a Gary Browne penalty scored in the 39th-minute .	The Reds had trailed to a Gary Browne penalty scored in the 39th-minute .	sing_plur	1175
Joey Votto homered and Norris Hopper drove in two runs for the Red .	Joey Votto homered and Norris Hopper drove in two runs for the Reds .	sing_plur	1176
Former taoiseach Albert Reynolds was among the mourner .	Former taoiseach Albert Reynolds was among the mourners .	sing_plur	1177
Now , the song can be redistributed at will , over and over .	Now , the songs can be redistributed at will , over and over .	sing_plur	1178
The recall involves 350,000 of the toy .	The recall involves 350,000 of the toys .	sing_plur	1179
These costs are incurred to support the overall activity of the Company .	These costs are incurred to support the overall activities of the Company .	sing_plur	1182
When he could not answer the question , he started sobbing .	When he could not answer the questions , he started sobbing .	sing_plur	1183
Ryan Phillippe has spoken out about being constantly followed by the medium .	Ryan Phillippe has spoken out about being constantly followed by the media .	sing_plur	1184
The bank not only issued the paper , they also guaranteed it .	The banks not only issued the paper , they also guaranteed it .	sing_plur	1187
But the police refused to confirm the account .	But the police refused to confirm the accounts .	sing_plur	1189
On a recent afternoon , workers put up fixtures and installed the escalator .	On a recent afternoon , workers put up fixtures and installed the escalators .	sing_plur	1190
THE era of the terrible twin is over .	THE era of the terrible twins is over .	sing_plur	1193
It is unclear if the man survived the blast .	It is unclear if the men survived the blast .	sing_plur	1194
The charge stemmed from a traffic stop in Scottsdale last December .	The charges stemmed from a traffic stop in Scottsdale last December .	sing_plur	1195
The glove would have been more at home in the garden .	The gloves would have been more at home in the garden .	sing_plur	1196
Police continued to question three men in the blast .	Police continued to question three men in the blasts .	sing_plur	1198
The figure included both teaching time and private study .	The figures included both teaching time and private study .	sing_plur	1199
" I have watched the Clintons over the year , " he said .	" I have watched the Clintons over the years , " he said .	sing_plur	1200
Strange features abound within the ring of Saturn .	Strange features abound within the rings of Saturn .	sing_plur	1201
Team names / logos are trademarks of the team indicated .	Team names / logos are trademarks of the teams indicated .	sing_plur	1203
Click on the topic below to watch highlights from the debate .	Click on the topics below to watch highlights from the debate .	sing_plur	1204
The gentle , Nativity-scene crowd are the one on the up .	The gentle , Nativity-scene crowd are the ones on the up .	sing_plur	1205
Still , the cyclist remained in excellent physical condition .	Still , the cyclists remained in excellent physical condition .	sing_plur	1206
No candidate was identified in the call .	No candidate was identified in the calls .	sing_plur	1207
It was also strangling the tree .	It was also strangling the trees .	sing_plur	1208
The warning came after the closing bell on Monday .	The warnings came after the closing bell on Monday .	sing_plur	1210
The killing stunned Mauritanians .	The killings stunned Mauritanians .	sing_plur	1212
But authorities are now re-examining the circumstance around her death .	But authorities are now re-examining the circumstances around her death .	sing_plur	1213
The Cospal Composites Srl in Ambivere , Italy manufactured the primary reflector .	The Cospal Composites Srl in Ambivere , Italy manufactured the primary reflectors .	sing_plur	1214
, to make the valve .	, to make the valves .	sing_plur	1215
It is where many of the meteorite found on Earth came from .	It is where many of the meteorites found on Earth came from .	sing_plur	1217
The government has rejected the charge .	The government has rejected the charges .	sing_plur	1220
And their priority is to secure the border .	And their priority is to secure the borders .	sing_plur	1221
My triglycerides are up from eating the fruit as I feed the animal .	My triglycerides are up from eating the fruit as I feed the animals .	sing_plur	1223
Four soldiers were wounded in the blast , the military said .	Four soldiers were wounded in the blasts , the military said .	sing_plur	1224
Darin Erstad grounded out twice for two of the out .	Darin Erstad grounded out twice for two of the outs .	sing_plur	1225
The time , it seems , were not so bad after all .	The times , it seems , were not so bad after all .	sing_plur	1226
They plug in to an electrical supply on the dock .	They plug in to an electrical supply on the docks .	sing_plur	1227
Jake and Kelley Branam are the parent of two toddlers .	Jake and Kelley Branam are the parents of two toddlers .	sing_plur	1228
.San Diago is among the worst affected area .	.San Diago is among the worst affected areas .	sing_plur	1231
The expression may be foreign , but the sentiments are universal .	The expressions may be foreign , but the sentiments are universal .	sing_plur	1232
The Duck improved to 2-3-1 .	The Ducks improved to 2-3-1 .	sing_plur	1233
Mike Modano and Niklas Hagman had the goal for the Stars .	Mike Modano and Niklas Hagman had the goals for the Stars .	sing_plur	1235
The parties have until 30 November to respond to the charge .	The parties have until 30 November to respond to the charges .	sing_plur	1238
His fitting legacy is the Samaritan .	His fitting legacy is the Samaritans .	sing_plur	1239
Speaking to the BBC , Sharif also questioned whether to hold the election .	Speaking to the BBC , Sharif also questioned whether to hold the elections .	sing_plur	1241
Then I realized I was vulnerable without the earbud .	Then I realized I was vulnerable without the earbuds .	sing_plur	1243
And I especially love ogling the finished project .	And I especially love ogling the finished projects .	sing_plur	1244
Two sporting heroes feature on the front page .	Two sporting heroes feature on the front pages .	sing_plur	1247
For the Republican candidate it represents a dilemma .	For the Republican candidates it represents a dilemma .	sing_plur	1248
Nearly one million computers crashed as a result of the virus .	Nearly one million computers crashed as a result of the viruses .	sing_plur	1249
The protest came at a time when deaf education was changing .	The protests came at a time when deaf education was changing .	sing_plur	1250
No one was seriously injured in the accident .	No one was seriously injured in the accidents .	sing_plur	1252
They did not give a motive for the attack .	They did not give a motive for the attacks .	sing_plur	1253
The soldier endured repeated bombings of their convoys within view of police checkpoints .	The soldiers endured repeated bombings of their convoys within view of police checkpoints .	sing_plur	1254
The stake in the race to develop a cholesterol-raising drug are high .	The stakes in the race to develop a cholesterol-raising drug are high .	sing_plur	1255
The retailer will always take on more product than they need .	The retailers will always take on more product than they need .	sing_plur	1258
Utley scored and the runner advanced to second and third .	Utley scored and the runners advanced to second and third .	sing_plur	1259
More cake , cry the child .	More cake , cry the children .	sing_plur	1262
The road in the area will remain closed until 1400 GMT .	The roads in the area will remain closed until 1400 GMT .	sing_plur	1265
The writer decried the plan for residual payments .	The writers decried the plan for residual payments .	sing_plur	1266
The buds are as red as the flower .	The buds are as red as the flowers .	sing_plur	1267
Details emerge of the full extent of the execution during the Stalin period .	Details emerge of the full extent of the executions during the Stalin period .	sing_plur	1268
The page wore Royal Stewart tartan kilts .	The pages wore Royal Stewart tartan kilts .	sing_plur	1269
The last vestige of the Iron Curtain will disappear .	The last vestiges of the Iron Curtain will disappear .	sing_plur	1271
Now he is back in the chart .	Now he is back in the charts .	sing_plur	1272
She pawned the earring in early April .	She pawned the earrings in early April .	sing_plur	1273
The brazenness evident on the tape has taken many aback , however .	The brazenness evident on the tapes has taken many aback , however .	sing_plur	1275
Those , he acknowledged , were the easy call .	Those , he acknowledged , were the easy calls .	sing_plur	1276
She has accused the militant of trying to take over the country .	She has accused the militants of trying to take over the country .	sing_plur	1277
Look no further than the Pyrenees-Atlantiques , say the expert .	Look no further than the Pyrenees-Atlantiques , say the experts .	sing_plur	1278
The man would not make arrests but would emphasize conflict resolution .	The men would not make arrests but would emphasize conflict resolution .	sing_plur	1279
Not everyone is as happy with the constant interruption .	Not everyone is as happy with the constant interruptions .	sing_plur	1283
They called the police , who defused the explosive .	They called the police , who defused the explosives .	sing_plur	1284
Consider some of the fact .	Consider some of the facts .	sing_plur	1285
Health officials believe he inhaled anthrax spores while making the instrument .	Health officials believe he inhaled anthrax spores while making the instruments .	sing_plur	1288
The stress of performing are probably as old as opera itself .	The stresses of performing are probably as old as opera itself .	sing_plur	1289
His death brought forth tributes from jazz pianists spanning the generation .	His death brought forth tributes from jazz pianists spanning the generations .	sing_plur	1290
The gain in T-bills came despite a rise in U.S. stock markets .	The gains in T-bills came despite a rise in U.S. stock markets .	sing_plur	1291
Hillary Clinton is complaining about the boy piling on .	Hillary Clinton is complaining about the boys piling on .	sing_plur	1292
The record included Internet protocol addresses as well as phone data .	The records included Internet protocol addresses as well as phone data .	sing_plur	1294
His tumble has been reflected in the poll .	His tumble has been reflected in the polls .	sing_plur	1297
The explosion shook the whole house .	The explosions shook the whole house .	sing_plur	1300
Syria has denied involvement in any of the killing .	Syria has denied involvement in any of the killings .	sing_plur	1301
Now emergency rule will sort out the problem with terrorism .	Now emergency rule will sort out the problems with terrorism .	sing_plur	1302
Officials also want to see photographs of the flood .	Officials also want to see photographs of the floods .	sing_plur	1303
The leaflet also cautioned against entering buildings or houses marked as unsafe .	The leaflets also cautioned against entering buildings or houses marked as unsafe .	sing_plur	1304
The tax would be treated like any other business 's .	The taxes would be treated like any other business 's .	sing_plur	1305
Mr. Hill estimated he has sold about 30,000 of the gadget .	Mr. Hill estimated he has sold about 30,000 of the gadgets .	sing_plur	1306
Authorities found the body of two kittens near Hilmo 's residence .	Authorities found the bodies of two kittens near Hilmo 's residence .	sing_plur	1307
The woman also gave a saliva sample to assess their hormone levels .	The women also gave a saliva sample to assess their hormone levels .	sing_plur	1308
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the results were not final .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the results were not final .	sing_plur	1310
Under the proposal , this will be cut to 85 sites .	Under the proposals , this will be cut to 85 sites .	sing_plur	1313
A small telescope will help bring out the fuzzy detail .	A small telescope will help bring out the fuzzy details .	sing_plur	1314
It is unclear how long the intruder had been living in the house .	It is unclear how long the intruders had been living in the house .	sing_plur	1315
The woman from WCRP mobilized to develop a childcare center .	The women from WCRP mobilized to develop a childcare center .	sing_plur	1316
Foreigners are not the only one complaining .	Foreigners are not the only ones complaining .	sing_plur	1317
It is not clear whether any of the case will be combined .	It is not clear whether any of the cases will be combined .	sing_plur	1318
He also was asked about the danger of a weak U.S. dollar .	He also was asked about the dangers of a weak U.S. dollar .	sing_plur	1320
" I could have eliminated the regulator , " she says .	" I could have eliminated the regulators , " she says .	sing_plur	1322
The authority may yet bend to public will .	The authorities may yet bend to public will .	sing_plur	1323
That was the common perception held by the artist as well .	That was the common perception held by the artists as well .	sing_plur	1325
The defense is solid up the middle but slightly suspect up the line .	The defense is solid up the middle but slightly suspect up the lines .	sing_plur	1328
Other signs include the hair on the foot .	Other signs include the hair on the feet .	sing_plur	1329
It did not identify the nationality of those killed and wounded .	It did not identify the nationalities of those killed and wounded .	sing_plur	1330
Forget the towel .	Forget the towels .	sing_plur	1331
The commute to other neighborhoods continued .	The commutes to other neighborhoods continued .	sing_plur	1332
What he knew of America came largely from the movie .	What he knew of America came largely from the movies .	sing_plur	1333
The man in the family also drove cabs .	The men in the family also drove cabs .	sing_plur	1334
The number , alas , told another story .	The numbers , alas , told another story .	sing_plur	1335
He became the first foreign national to die in the protest .	He became the first foreign national to die in the protests .	sing_plur	1338
Participants had a co-pay in each of the plan .	Participants had a co-pay in each of the plans .	sing_plur	1339
The oldest of the consolidated company has been in business since 1989 .	The oldest of the consolidated companies has been in business since 1989 .	sing_plur	1340
Students offered a variety of reasons for taking the course .	Students offered a variety of reasons for taking the courses .	sing_plur	1341
Thousands of Harvard students poured out of the stand .	Thousands of Harvard students poured out of the stands .	sing_plur	1342
They had won their two previous two meetings with the Celtic .	They had won their two previous two meetings with the Celtics .	sing_plur	1347
The child loved working together and fed off each other .	The children loved working together and fed off each other .	sing_plur	1349
But the point never showed up in my account .	But the points never showed up in my account .	sing_plur	1351
Stress causes blood to flow faster through the muscle .	Stress causes blood to flow faster through the muscles .	sing_plur	1352
Dallas faded down the stretch but still made the playoff .	Dallas faded down the stretch but still made the playoffs .	sing_plur	1353
The school said the violation did not involve legal issues .	The school said the violations did not involve legal issues .	sing_plur	1354
The in-flight service also could exacerbate long-standing grievances .	The in-flight services also could exacerbate long-standing grievances .	sing_plur	1355
The censor would not provide an explanation .	The censors would not provide an explanation .	sing_plur	1356
Then he fawned over the race .	Then he fawned over the races .	sing_plur	1357
These groups have been bitterly feuding among themselves and against the Maoist .	These groups have been bitterly feuding among themselves and against the Maoists .	sing_plur	1359
The lawyer sat down .	The lawyers sat down .	sing_plur	1360
Police killed the suspect hour later , authorities said .	Police killed the suspect hours later , authorities said .	sing_plur	1361
His body was recovered from the dock by police on Tuesday morning .	His body was recovered from the docks by police on Tuesday morning .	sing_plur	1362
The charity said it was rescuing the child from a war-torn nation .	The charity said it was rescuing the children from a war-torn nation .	sing_plur	1363
Batman is a superhero who is different from the other .	Batman is a superhero who is different from the others .	sing_plur	1364
Trained inmates will tend to the pet .	Trained inmates will tend to the pets .	sing_plur	1366
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was closed .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting was closed .	sing_plur	1367
, has 13 marathoners competing in the Olympic trial .	, has 13 marathoners competing in the Olympic trials .	sing_plur	1368
But they are catching up with the big Western institutional investor .	But they are catching up with the big Western institutional investors .	sing_plur	1369
Her dishes crashed down off the shelf .	Her dishes crashed down off the shelves .	sing_plur	1371
The BBC also received several e-mails criticising the advertisement .	The BBC also received several e-mails criticising the advertisements .	sing_plur	1372
Such schedules can be hard on the artery , too .	Such schedules can be hard on the arteries , too .	sing_plur	1373
In Gaza , Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum rejected the change .	In Gaza , Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum rejected the changes .	sing_plur	1374
There is no one to watch the kid .	There is no one to watch the kids .	sing_plur	1376
The weapon belonged to Spc .	The weapons belonged to Spc .	sing_plur	1377
" I do not have to count the second , " he said .	" I do not have to count the seconds , " he said .	sing_plur	1380
San Juliano retracted the confession after being arrested in July .	San Juliano retracted the confessions after being arrested in July .	sing_plur	1382
The measure would not apply to flights within the EU .	The measures would not apply to flights within the EU .	sing_plur	1385
Both the child 's parents and a court must consent to the shocks .	Both the children 's parents and a court must consent to the shocks .	sing_plur	1386
The new company will be called MillerCoors , the company said .	The new company will be called MillerCoors , the companies said .	sing_plur	1388
But within 24 hours rumours sent the market into a further panic .	But within 24 hours rumours sent the markets into a further panic .	sing_plur	1390
Rabbi Eisenbach said he was surprised by the objection .	Rabbi Eisenbach said he was surprised by the objections .	sing_plur	1391
The result will be announced Monday .	The results will be announced Monday .	sing_plur	1392
But the proposal announced today are alone not enough .	But the proposals announced today are alone not enough .	sing_plur	1393
Several of the adult wiped tears from their eyes .	Several of the adults wiped tears from their eyes .	sing_plur	1395
Roh 's spokesman has dismissed the claim .	Roh 's spokesman has dismissed the claims .	sing_plur	1398
The Sudanese military swiftly denied the charge .	The Sudanese military swiftly denied the charges .	sing_plur	1400
No one has been charged in any of the alleged incident .	No one has been charged in any of the alleged incidents .	sing_plur	1402
Bollinger disciplined the student .	Bollinger disciplined the students .	sing_plur	1405
Almost every day road workers can be seen patching the hole .	Almost every day road workers can be seen patching the holes .	sing_plur	1406
The worker will be joined by local community supporters including elected officials .	The workers will be joined by local community supporters including elected officials .	sing_plur	1408
I am looking forward to the presidential debate .	I am looking forward to the presidential debates .	sing_plur	1409
The name of their defense attorneys could not immediately be determined .	The names of their defense attorneys could not immediately be determined .	sing_plur	1410
It was not clear how the fire had started .	It was not clear how the fires had started .	sing_plur	1411
Priddin would not comment on whether his guards killed the woman .	Priddin would not comment on whether his guards killed the women .	sing_plur	1412
Soldiers poured into the street to meet them .	Soldiers poured into the streets to meet them .	sing_plur	1414
The marine of Kilo Company looked neither angry nor surprised .	The marines of Kilo Company looked neither angry nor surprised .	sing_plur	1415
As backup catchers , they each batted .233 in the big league .	As backup catchers , they each batted .233 in the big leagues .	sing_plur	1417
Just speculating--and yet that became the medium 's lead .	Just speculating--and yet that became the media 's lead .	sing_plur	1420
The goal is to keep the bag in my sight .	The goal is to keep the bags in my sight .	sing_plur	1421
The Tunisian government denied the allegation .	The Tunisian government denied the allegations .	sing_plur	1423
He dispatched the cascade of octaves and knotty passage work with command .	He dispatched the cascades of octaves and knotty passage work with command .	sing_plur	1425
The proposal had a sceptical reception from motorists ' groups Thursday .	The proposals had a sceptical reception from motorists ' groups Thursday .	sing_plur	1427
Now , the Republican presidential candidate emphasizes securing the border first .	Now , the Republican presidential candidate emphasizes securing the borders first .	sing_plur	1428
The soldier took them into the lobby and questioned them .	The soldiers took them into the lobby and questioned them .	sing_plur	1429
The lucky one here had rainwater left in their traditional earthen pots .	The lucky ones here had rainwater left in their traditional earthen pots .	sing_plur	1430
Sarkozy said he inquired about the detained French nationals , particularly the journalist .	Sarkozy said he inquired about the detained French nationals , particularly the journalists .	sing_plur	1431
Give me space ... and tone down the color !	Give me space ... and tone down the colors !	sing_plur	1432
The teen magazine stays loyal to the good girl .	The teen magazine stays loyal to the good girls .	sing_plur	1433
Authorities said it could take days to officially identify the victim .	Authorities said it could take days to officially identify the victims .	sing_plur	1434
Only this time , the Nets were the victim .	Only this time , the Nets were the victims .	sing_plur	1435
The consequence can be crushing .	The consequences can be crushing .	sing_plur	1436
Mirko Vucinic fired the winner on 69 minutes for the Roman .	Mirko Vucinic fired the winner on 69 minutes for the Romans .	sing_plur	1438
Including the playoff , Favre has started 250 games .	Including the playoffs , Favre has started 250 games .	sing_plur	1439
We will put the politician to the test .	We will put the politicians to the test .	sing_plur	1440
" It is mainly directed at the boomer , " she said .	" It is mainly directed at the boomers , " she said .	sing_plur	1441
Through a spokeswoman , Chauhan denied the charge .	Through a spokeswoman , Chauhan denied the charges .	sing_plur	1442
Then there are the incidental of life on Willow Lane .	Then there are the incidentals of life on Willow Lane .	sing_plur	1443
" We have been swinging the bat well , " Young said .	" We have been swinging the bats well , " Young said .	sing_plur	1444
The designer came up with some interesting ideas .	The designers came up with some interesting ideas .	sing_plur	1447
The student also had some lunchtime news conferences .	The students also had some lunchtime news conferences .	sing_plur	1448
Get them on the book .	Get them on the books .	sing_plur	1450
Click here to see the picture .	Click here to see the pictures .	sing_plur	1452
And what havoc they create when they come out from the wall .	And what havoc they create when they come out from the walls .	sing_plur	1454
Anderson said in a statement that he was pleased by the result .	Anderson said in a statement that he was pleased by the results .	sing_plur	1458
Gardai said the teenager who died were back-seat passengers .	Gardai said the teenagers who died were back-seat passengers .	sing_plur	1459
The researcher analyzed 440,398 heart attack incidents from 1995 to 2004 .	The researchers analyzed 440,398 heart attack incidents from 1995 to 2004 .	sing_plur	1460
Voting results will be announced Dec. 3 at the meeting .	Voting results will be announced Dec. 3 at the meetings .	sing_plur	1461
Mukasey issued a ruling upholding the warrant as constitutional .	Mukasey issued a ruling upholding the warrants as constitutional .	sing_plur	1463
Just keep making the payment .	Just keep making the payments .	sing_plur	1464
Discard the solid .	Discard the solids .	sing_plur	1467
He was asked whether he expected any breakthroughs in the talk .	He was asked whether he expected any breakthroughs in the talks .	sing_plur	1468
Her voice is a bit rough round the edge these days .	Her voice is a bit rough round the edges these days .	sing_plur	1469
But that does not make the loss any less real .	But that does not make the losses any less real .	sing_plur	1470
CASA 's research also proves the benefit of spending time together .	CASA 's research also proves the benefits of spending time together .	sing_plur	1471
And then there are the day-to-day irritation .	And then there are the day-to-day irritations .	sing_plur	1472
But he struggled to make the leap from college to the pro .	But he struggled to make the leap from college to the pros .	sing_plur	1473
Rows of green army boots line the step outside .	Rows of green army boots line the steps outside .	sing_plur	1474
" The top vote-getters are the top vote-getter , " Jessen said .	" The top vote-getters are the top vote-getters , " Jessen said .	sing_plur	1477
Several sluggers have vanished in the playoff .	Several sluggers have vanished in the playoffs .	sing_plur	1478
Damage could run into the billion of dollars .	Damage could run into the billions of dollars .	sing_plur	1480
The operational cable now began to be interspersed with intelligence reports .	The operational cables now began to be interspersed with intelligence reports .	sing_plur	1481
He denied the allegation .	He denied the allegations .	sing_plur	1482
The top American diplomat encouraged the activist to build institutions of democracy .	The top American diplomat encouraged the activists to build institutions of democracy .	sing_plur	1484
The kind of craft being used are also a step up .	The kinds of craft being used are also a step up .	sing_plur	1485
On Thursday , the militant had the last laugh .	On Thursday , the militants had the last laugh .	sing_plur	1487
It was not immediately clear if the officer returned fire .	It was not immediately clear if the officers returned fire .	sing_plur	1488
All Turkish troops involved in the operation had returned to Turkey .	All Turkish troops involved in the operations had returned to Turkey .	sing_plur	1489
The rooftop terrace boasts the best view in Valencia .	The rooftop terrace boasts the best views in Valencia .	sing_plur	1491
There is been not a peep about it in the debate .	There is been not a peep about it in the debates .	sing_plur	1492
I nside Ashley Manning 's freshman English classroom , books line the shelf .	I nside Ashley Manning 's freshman English classroom , books line the shelves .	sing_plur	1495
He honed his skills playing the officer in friendly games .	He honed his skills playing the officers in friendly games .	sing_plur	1496
The man died instantly , in a ghastly group suicide .	The men died instantly , in a ghastly group suicide .	sing_plur	1498
And the flavor hidden in foods can be quite surprising .	And the flavors hidden in foods can be quite surprising .	sing_plur	1499
Nantongo declined to comment on diplomatic discussions with the Iraqi .	Nantongo declined to comment on diplomatic discussions with the Iraqis .	sing_plur	1500
The free marketeer may want to see suffering .	The free marketeers may want to see suffering .	sing_plur	1501
But a Tennessee loss at Indy sends Cleveland to the playoff .	But a Tennessee loss at Indy sends Cleveland to the playoffs .	sing_plur	1502
The effect was immediate , and not just on the child .	The effect was immediate , and not just on the children .	sing_plur	1503
We especially loved the giraffe , camels and ostriches .	We especially loved the giraffes , camels and ostriches .	sing_plur	1505
She begins by painting the skull with latex .	She begins by painting the skulls with latex .	sing_plur	1506
Initially , the F.B.I. found no match for the fingerprint .	Initially , the F.B.I. found no match for the fingerprints .	sing_plur	1507
The tourist progressed smoothly to 41 before losing three wickets for two runs .	The tourists progressed smoothly to 41 before losing three wickets for two runs .	sing_plur	1508
In fact , the Sooner could not even beat the Buffaloes .	In fact , the Sooners could not even beat the Buffaloes .	sing_plur	1509
I had the other kid to look after .	I had the other kids to look after .	sing_plur	1510
A positive reading means confident firms outweigh the pessimistic one .	A positive reading means confident firms outweigh the pessimistic ones .	sing_plur	1511
We are not the richest guy on the block anymore .	We are not the richest guys on the block anymore .	sing_plur	1512
But this woman was no stranger to the child .	But this woman was no stranger to the children .	sing_plur	1513
The special effect that produced this vision were amazing for their day .	The special effects that produced this vision were amazing for their day .	sing_plur	1515
I also think the candidate to replace him are very clear .	I also think the candidates to replace him are very clear .	sing_plur	1516
Authorities suspect James may have bred the creature to sell them .	Authorities suspect James may have bred the creatures to sell them .	sing_plur	1517
Dela Cruz said he too fired at the man .	Dela Cruz said he too fired at the men .	sing_plur	1519
Using your good fortune to improve the life of others .	Using your good fortune to improve the lives of others .	sing_plur	1520
We have got to get more money from the fed .	We have got to get more money from the feds .	sing_plur	1521
About half the bank reported weaker demand for residential mortgage loans .	About half the banks reported weaker demand for residential mortgage loans .	sing_plur	1523
I am the fruit of your labor .	I am the fruits of your labor .	sing_plur	1525
Dalby said police arrived and moved the photographer away .	Dalby said police arrived and moved the photographers away .	sing_plur	1527
Mr Clegg quickly became the hot favourite with the bookmaker .	Mr Clegg quickly became the hot favourite with the bookmakers .	sing_plur	1528
But older structures aren 't subject to the same requirement .	But older structures aren 't subject to the same requirements .	sing_plur	1529
The diplomatic note requesting the bases even came with prepared replies attached .	The diplomatic notes requesting the bases even came with prepared replies attached .	sing_plur	1531
I have some of the best doctor in the world .	I have some of the best doctors in the world .	sing_plur	1532
Families see the effect first hand .	Families see the effects first hand .	sing_plur	1533
Spain and Portugal are the main point of entry into Europe .	Spain and Portugal are the main points of entry into Europe .	sing_plur	1534
" The consequence of PTSD can be devastating , " Shalala said .	" The consequences of PTSD can be devastating , " Shalala said .	sing_plur	1536
Pour the port and pass the walnut .	Pour the port and pass the walnuts .	sing_plur	1537
I have no idea where he gets the gun .	I have no idea where he gets the guns .	sing_plur	1538
The Internet is even less restrained than the traditional medium .	The Internet is even less restrained than the traditional media .	sing_plur	1539
Ira Newble added 17 points for the Cavalier .	Ira Newble added 17 points for the Cavaliers .	sing_plur	1541
Any mistake at Great American Ball Park can wind up in the seat .	Any mistake at Great American Ball Park can wind up in the seats .	sing_plur	1542
After the monk passed , the road was closed again .	After the monks passed , the road was closed again .	sing_plur	1543
He would rather leave the acting to the pro .	He would rather leave the acting to the pros .	sing_plur	1544
Then there were the effort of the camouflage makers themselves .	Then there were the efforts of the camouflage makers themselves .	sing_plur	1545
The judge said he faces life imprisonment if convicted .	The judges said he faces life imprisonment if convicted .	sing_plur	1548
It turned out that the spectator liked Harvard 's approach better .	It turned out that the spectators liked Harvard 's approach better .	sing_plur	1549
Her car was totaled , but insurance covered the damage .	Her car was totaled , but insurance covered the damages .	sing_plur	1554
But the regulation enforcing those changes must be approved by the commission .	But the regulations enforcing those changes must be approved by the commission .	sing_plur	1555
He was behaving strangely and onlookers alerted police , the official said .	He was behaving strangely and onlookers alerted police , the officials said .	sing_plur	1556
The ruling does not absolve the soldier from guilt .	The ruling does not absolve the soldiers from guilt .	sing_plur	1557
The child 's ages ranged from 5 years to teenage .	The children 's ages ranged from 5 years to teenage .	sing_plur	1558
Please indicate in your cover letter the date of your availability .	Please indicate in your cover letter the dates of your availability .	sing_plur	1559
Many Nepalis were sick of the unsettled politic .	Many Nepalis were sick of the unsettled politics .	sing_plur	1561
The new owner will honor current collective bargaining agreements with unions .	The new owners will honor current collective bargaining agreements with unions .	sing_plur	1562
Richard Jefferson led the Net with 28 points .	Richard Jefferson led the Nets with 28 points .	sing_plur	1565
In the standing , Hamilton has 97 points and Alonso has 95 .	In the standings , Hamilton has 97 points and Alonso has 95 .	sing_plur	1566
We like the island , the warm beaches .	We like the islands , the warm beaches .	sing_plur	1567
Finishing the fly-over of the most likely landing spots could take another week .	Finishing the fly-overs of the most likely landing spots could take another week .	sing_plur	1568
Subaru has also sanded away the rougher edge of performance .	Subaru has also sanded away the rougher edges of performance .	sing_plur	1569
The doors were open and the key inside .	The doors were open and the keys inside .	sing_plur	1570
AngloGold Ashanti has not yet responded to the latest claim .	AngloGold Ashanti has not yet responded to the latest claims .	sing_plur	1571
So the talk went well .	So the talks went well .	sing_plur	1573
He gave the odd a royal whipping .	He gave the odds a royal whipping .	sing_plur	1574
Police believe there was a " verbal altercation " before the attack .	Police believe there was a " verbal altercation " before the attacks .	sing_plur	1576
The Bush administration announced few details beyond the date and a cursory schedule .	The Bush administration announced few details beyond the dates and a cursory schedule .	sing_plur	1579
His voice rings out in the noisy hall .	His voice rings out in the noisy halls .	sing_plur	1580
But the department admitted it had not proofread the test .	But the department admitted it had not proofread the tests .	sing_plur	1582
It was unclear late Friday what was in the pack .	It was unclear late Friday what was in the packs .	sing_plur	1583
but you can solve it in the same way .	but you can solve it in the same ways .	sing_plur	1585
Instead the Bali bombings brought the people of Australia and Indonesia closer together .	Instead the Bali bombings brought the peoples of Australia and Indonesia closer together .	sing_plur	1586
State prosecutor Patricia DeVaney argued that Klaudt raped the young woman .	State prosecutor Patricia DeVaney argued that Klaudt raped the young women .	sing_plur	1587
I have heard the argument for defilement of valuable property .	I have heard the arguments for defilement of valuable property .	sing_plur	1588
Those who continue to fight are , of course , the bad one .	Those who continue to fight are , of course , the bad ones .	sing_plur	1589
Six thousand soldiers and dozens of specialized vehicles helped fight the fire .	Six thousand soldiers and dozens of specialized vehicles helped fight the fires .	sing_plur	1590
When the plan arrived , Corps engineer Jim Ludlam did some cursory research .	When the plans arrived , Corps engineer Jim Ludlam did some cursory research .	sing_plur	1591
He declined to give details on the threat .	He declined to give details on the threats .	sing_plur	1592
Almost half the patient treated with acupuncture needles felt relief that lasted months .	Almost half the patients treated with acupuncture needles felt relief that lasted months .	sing_plur	1593
It says it remains in negotiations with the Russian authority .	It says it remains in negotiations with the Russian authorities .	sing_plur	1595
It has accused the Georgian authority of human rights violations .	It has accused the Georgian authorities of human rights violations .	sing_plur	1596
Skepticism remains For the member who remained , skepticism ran high .	Skepticism remains For the members who remained , skepticism ran high .	sing_plur	1597
Spears and Federline previously had shared custody of the boy .	Spears and Federline previously had shared custody of the boys .	sing_plur	1600
I pay tribute to the courage , dedication and service of the firefighter .	I pay tribute to the courage , dedication and service of the firefighters .	sing_plur	1601
Opposition leaders submitted the resignation of their own lawmakers .	Opposition leaders submitted the resignations of their own lawmakers .	sing_plur	1602
The greengrocer at Souk al-Ajanib knew me .	The greengrocers at Souk al-Ajanib knew me .	sing_plur	1603
The bishop urged Catholics to only use voter resources approved by the church .	The bishops urged Catholics to only use voter resources approved by the church .	sing_plur	1605
The suggestion kept rolling in .	The suggestions kept rolling in .	sing_plur	1606
The role used to be reversed , sort of .	The roles used to be reversed , sort of .	sing_plur	1607
Emergency official Ramon Tercero did not have details on the other death .	Emergency official Ramon Tercero did not have details on the other deaths .	sing_plur	1608
The first possession set the tone .	The first possessions set the tone .	sing_plur	1610
It is expected to be a popular gift for the holiday .	It is expected to be a popular gift for the holidays .	sing_plur	1611
He was prepared for the critic .	He was prepared for the critics .	sing_plur	1613
27 , the day after the authority began raiding monasteries .	27 , the day after the authorities began raiding monasteries .	sing_plur	1614
Its aroma wafts through the cool air of the Ethiopian highland .	Its aroma wafts through the cool air of the Ethiopian highlands .	sing_plur	1616
He reached the semifinal at the French Open and Wimbledon and beat then-No .	He reached the semifinals at the French Open and Wimbledon and beat then-No .	sing_plur	1617
The Scottish yacht Glasgow : Scotland with Style is leading the overall standing .	The Scottish yacht Glasgow : Scotland with Style is leading the overall standings .	sing_plur	1622
The track can be bought and downloaded for 89 cents .	The tracks can be bought and downloaded for 89 cents .	sing_plur	1623
At first it was for the wolf .	At first it was for the wolves .	sing_plur	1624
The qualification will cost students or their employers  330 in fees .	The qualifications will cost students or their employers  330 in fees .	sing_plur	1625
All were wearing black jackets with the hood pulled up .	All were wearing black jackets with the hoods pulled up .	sing_plur	1626
Medical examiners were still working to pinpoint the cause of death .	Medical examiners were still working to pinpoint the causes of death .	sing_plur	1628
Florida and Nevada are the only other state to impose such restrictions .	Florida and Nevada are the only other states to impose such restrictions .	sing_plur	1629
First , the patient got checkups .	First , the patients got checkups .	sing_plur	1630
These images help the California Department of Forestry and Fire track the fire .	These images help the California Department of Forestry and Fire track the fires .	sing_plur	1631
The winner will be announced on a CBS telecast on Jan. 8 .	The winners will be announced on a CBS telecast on Jan. 8 .	sing_plur	1634
A VIP panel of judges selects the winner .	A VIP panel of judges selects the winners .	sing_plur	1635
Obama 's aides believe that Clinton has topped out in the poll .	Obama 's aides believe that Clinton has topped out in the polls .	sing_plur	1636
This week 's deals have featured deceptive plays by the defender .	This week 's deals have featured deceptive plays by the defenders .	sing_plur	1638
Stewart got mixed reviews when he hosted the 78th annual award .	Stewart got mixed reviews when he hosted the 78th annual awards .	sing_plur	1640
He did not just beat the odd .	He did not just beat the odds .	sing_plur	1644
Some displaced homeowners complained that the evacuation went too far .	Some displaced homeowners complained that the evacuations went too far .	sing_plur	1645
Even Mr. Kuriansky had trouble recalling the briefing , he said .	Even Mr. Kuriansky had trouble recalling the briefings , he said .	sing_plur	1646
There are other ingenious ways of side-stepping the authority .	There are other ingenious ways of side-stepping the authorities .	sing_plur	1647
The official could not be reached for comment .	The officials could not be reached for comment .	sing_plur	1648
The man also appeared to be much less choosy .	The men also appeared to be much less choosy .	sing_plur	1650
October 2007 sees a final and legal end to the dispute .	October 2007 sees a final and legal end to the disputes .	sing_plur	1651
Writers said the next move was up to the studio .	Writers said the next move was up to the studios .	sing_plur	1652
It ordered the rapist to serve between two and nine years in jail .	It ordered the rapists to serve between two and nine years in jail .	sing_plur	1654
The price ranged from  100 to  1,000 .	The prices ranged from  100 to  1,000 .	sing_plur	1657
Lpez chopped an infield single to load the base .	Lpez chopped an infield single to load the bases .	sing_plur	1660
You have to get the jewel to her from Cartier .	You have to get the jewels to her from Cartier .	sing_plur	1661
" We live in the suburb of Minneapolis , " she said .	" We live in the suburbs of Minneapolis , " she said .	sing_plur	1662
Another 18 percent were between the age of 18 and 24 .	Another 18 percent were between the ages of 18 and 24 .	sing_plur	1665
I am close with everybody from the show .	I am close with everybody from the shows .	sing_plur	1666
That soured debt , in turn , has hurt the bank .	That soured debt , in turn , has hurt the banks .	sing_plur	1669
Council members uniformly expressed alarm at the statistic .	Council members uniformly expressed alarm at the statistics .	sing_plur	1670
It ranked 7 for the other adolescent .	It ranked 7 for the other adolescents .	sing_plur	1671
The lawsuit in both states stemmed from the same contract dispute .	The lawsuits in both states stemmed from the same contract dispute .	sing_plur	1672
I did not have any sisters to show me the rope .	I did not have any sisters to show me the ropes .	sing_plur	1674
The government sent troops to brutally suppress the protest .	The government sent troops to brutally suppress the protests .	sing_plur	1675
He declined to detail how specialists unblurred the photo .	He declined to detail how specialists unblurred the photos .	sing_plur	1676
It is not good enough by the player .	It is not good enough by the players .	sing_plur	1677
Victory for Sweden in Liechtenstein would almost seal their place in the final .	Victory for Sweden in Liechtenstein would almost seal their place in the finals .	sing_plur	1678
The big union cannot serve them .	The big unions cannot serve them .	sing_plur	1679
The bag remained missing Monday .	The bags remained missing Monday .	sing_plur	1680
Now it is down to the player .	Now it is down to the players .	sing_plur	1683
This happened to Hamas in the Palestinian territory .	This happened to Hamas in the Palestinian territories .	sing_plur	1685
Some government officials played down the figure .	Some government officials played down the figures .	sing_plur	1686
He refused to elaborate on what the measure may be .	He refused to elaborate on what the measures may be .	sing_plur	1688
He is 6-0 against the Mariner in his career .	He is 6-0 against the Mariners in his career .	sing_plur	1690
But lawmakers have rejected the cut .	But lawmakers have rejected the cuts .	sing_plur	1691
Now , let me just say something about some of the statistic .	Now , let me just say something about some of the statistics .	sing_plur	1692
The research has also highlighted a potential treatment to block the change .	The research has also highlighted a potential treatment to block the changes .	sing_plur	1693
There was no DX10 or the latest graphic card .	There was no DX10 or the latest graphic cards .	sing_plur	1694
But no one has offered a plausible explanation for the assault .	But no one has offered a plausible explanation for the assaults .	sing_plur	1697
He opposed the newspaper 's decision to publish the name .	He opposed the newspaper 's decision to publish the names .	sing_plur	1702
The lawyer reached a $ 200 million settlement with Wyeth .	The lawyers reached a $ 200 million settlement with Wyeth .	sing_plur	1703
Baghdatis broke Davydenko five times on his way to the quarterfinal .	Baghdatis broke Davydenko five times on his way to the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	1704
She was declared dead at Jacobi Medical Center , the authority said .	She was declared dead at Jacobi Medical Center , the authorities said .	sing_plur	1705
The share will be subject to certain time- and performance-restricted vesting criteria .	The shares will be subject to certain time- and performance-restricted vesting criteria .	sing_plur	1709
E. coli is harbored in the intestine of cattle .	E. coli is harbored in the intestines of cattle .	sing_plur	1710
But I accepted the gift and wore the T-shirt .	But I accepted the gift and wore the T-shirts .	sing_plur	1712
The gas dissolves into surface waters and is then transported around the ocean .	The gas dissolves into surface waters and is then transported around the oceans .	sing_plur	1715
The weather was about the only thing that stopped the Gator .	The weather was about the only thing that stopped the Gators .	sing_plur	1716
The new service will come into effect from Sunday 9 December .	The new services will come into effect from Sunday 9 December .	sing_plur	1717
Sheikh Saud held a banquet in honour of the scholar .	Sheikh Saud held a banquet in honour of the scholars .	sing_plur	1718
I remember my father telling me about the tree .	I remember my father telling me about the trees .	sing_plur	1719
Stricker is in second place in the standing .	Stricker is in second place in the standings .	sing_plur	1720
Two satellite trucks from Cambodian television stations transmitted the proceeding on live television .	Two satellite trucks from Cambodian television stations transmitted the proceedings on live television .	sing_plur	1721
Twenty-one countries have sent firefighters to help battle Greece the blaze .	Twenty-one countries have sent firefighters to help battle Greece the blazes .	sing_plur	1723
Abbas has urged the doctor to stay off the job .	Abbas has urged the doctors to stay off the job .	sing_plur	1724
But the bar soon closed again round him .	But the bars soon closed again round him .	sing_plur	1725
The pavilion area will be extended down the foul line .	The pavilion area will be extended down the foul lines .	sing_plur	1726
TAKING A TOUR : Today marks the first meeting between the team .	TAKING A TOUR : Today marks the first meeting between the teams .	sing_plur	1727
Officers have urged anyone who may have seen the man to contact them .	Officers have urged anyone who may have seen the men to contact them .	sing_plur	1728
For a start , millions of gadgets are joining the human horde .	For a start , millions of gadgets are joining the human hordes .	sing_plur	1730
Harrison met with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell yesterday , the source said .	Harrison met with NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell yesterday , the sources said .	sing_plur	1732
The repeat will be three different remixes .	The repeats will be three different remixes .	sing_plur	1733
" The consequence could have been potentially disastrous , " he said .	" The consequences could have been potentially disastrous , " he said .	sing_plur	1734
NEW YORK - Put your hands up and back away from the breadcrumb .	NEW YORK - Put your hands up and back away from the breadcrumbs .	sing_plur	1737
One witness told police he chased the man for several blocks .	One witness told police he chased the men for several blocks .	sing_plur	1739
Spears was previously allowed monitored visits with the child but no overnight stays .	Spears was previously allowed monitored visits with the children but no overnight stays .	sing_plur	1743
They were not concerned with the movement of dignitaries .	They were not concerned with the movements of dignitaries .	sing_plur	1745
The players were cleared of the charge .	The players were cleared of the charges .	sing_plur	1747
Mainly , I just see them on the weekend .	Mainly , I just see them on the weekends .	sing_plur	1748
Our heart goes out to the victim .	Our heart goes out to the victims .	sing_plur	1749
I am not hard on the horse .	I am not hard on the horses .	sing_plur	1751
The number of steroid doses seized in the raid amounted to 11.4 million .	The number of steroid doses seized in the raids amounted to 11.4 million .	sing_plur	1752
In the 19th century , that landscape was dramatically changed by the Clearance .	In the 19th century , that landscape was dramatically changed by the Clearances .	sing_plur	1754
For years , they have operated in the shadow of Manhattan .	For years , they have operated in the shadows of Manhattan .	sing_plur	1755
The candidate will have time reserved for closing statements in each debate .	The candidates will have time reserved for closing statements in each debate .	sing_plur	1757
( CNN ) -- Irony is on the out .	( CNN ) -- Irony is on the outs .	sing_plur	1758
But isolation has never really been on the card .	But isolation has never really been on the cards .	sing_plur	1759
The risk set forth above are not exhaustive .	The risks set forth above are not exhaustive .	sing_plur	1760
People are on the sideline .	People are on the sidelines .	sing_plur	1761
It is unclear whether Snyder will be able to collect the damage .	It is unclear whether Snyder will be able to collect the damages .	sing_plur	1762
You 've got to be able to handle the loss .	You 've got to be able to handle the losses .	sing_plur	1764
It is unclear why Countrywide apparently chooses not to provide the document .	It is unclear why Countrywide apparently chooses not to provide the documents .	sing_plur	1765
He saw things changing in the street .	He saw things changing in the streets .	sing_plur	1766
We also were besotted - by the performance and the play .	We also were besotted - by the performances and the play .	sing_plur	1767
The huge poster of Hendrix and Marley watching you eat are a bonus .	The huge posters of Hendrix and Marley watching you eat are a bonus .	sing_plur	1772
We 'll destroy their property -- but do it for the right reason .	We 'll destroy their property -- but do it for the right reasons .	sing_plur	1773
LaMarcus Aldridge had 21 points and eight rebounds for the Blazer .	LaMarcus Aldridge had 21 points and eight rebounds for the Blazers .	sing_plur	1774
I think it is quite difficult sometimes to read the sign .	I think it is quite difficult sometimes to read the signs .	sing_plur	1775
The authority searched in vain for Mr. Pichushkin for years .	The authorities searched in vain for Mr. Pichushkin for years .	sing_plur	1776
Others complained that the district took too long to punish the perpetrator .	Others complained that the district took too long to punish the perpetrators .	sing_plur	1777
Add the marron glacs slices and combine thoroughly .	Add the marrons glacs slices and combine thoroughly .	sing_plur	1779
Rice spoke to al-Maliki by telephone Monday to express regret for the death .	Rice spoke to al-Maliki by telephone Monday to express regret for the deaths .	sing_plur	1780
We thus have the beginning of a mortgage crisis .	We thus have the beginnings of a mortgage crisis .	sing_plur	1781
The cloud parted and the angels sang .	The clouds parted and the angels sang .	sing_plur	1783
I have always wondered what she did in the winter .	I have always wondered what she did in the winters .	sing_plur	1785
The agency wants to know more about how companies arrive at the target .	The agency wants to know more about how companies arrive at the targets .	sing_plur	1786
The player also potentially share a hockey future .	The players also potentially share a hockey future .	sing_plur	1787
This July , caretakers noticed new black spots covering some of the drawing .	This July , caretakers noticed new black spots covering some of the drawings .	sing_plur	1788
I thought she was finally filling the hole .	I thought she was finally filling the holes .	sing_plur	1789
Goodrich 's ISR Systems team in Danbury , Conn. will supply the system .	Goodrich 's ISR Systems team in Danbury , Conn. will supply the systems .	sing_plur	1790
The other doctor and the drug company also pleaded not guilty .	The other doctors and the drug company also pleaded not guilty .	sing_plur	1791
The company cited challenges in finishing assembly of the first airplane .	The company cited challenges in finishing assembly of the first airplanes .	sing_plur	1792
The tire on my car had not been rotated the whole time .	The tires on my car had not been rotated the whole time .	sing_plur	1794
The injury to the Mets ' outfielders became a bizarre development .	The injuries to the Mets ' outfielders became a bizarre development .	sing_plur	1795
The ranger crowded around and caressed the gorilla 's singed fur .	The rangers crowded around and caressed the gorilla 's singed fur .	sing_plur	1796
They will swamp the location of big city airports and major interstate highways .	They will swamp the locations of big city airports and major interstate highways .	sing_plur	1797
Thomas has denied the allegation .	Thomas has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	1798
The guest he invited into his apartment amid the chaos were also detained .	The guests he invited into his apartment amid the chaos were also detained .	sing_plur	1801
That is disappointing for the child .	That is disappointing for the children .	sing_plur	1804
There was no information available on when the worker might be rescued .	There was no information available on when the workers might be rescued .	sing_plur	1805
One man stands up to the special interest .	One man stands up to the special interests .	sing_plur	1806
" The wheel did not touch the runway , " Vutichai told AFP .	" The wheels did not touch the runway , " Vutichai told AFP .	sing_plur	1807
Worsening the current Shiite- on-Shiite battles could ripple to the highest level .	Worsening the current Shiite- on-Shiite battles could ripple to the highest levels .	sing_plur	1809
At Wimbledon , Ivanovic lost to eventual champion Venus Williams in the semifinal .	At Wimbledon , Ivanovic lost to eventual champion Venus Williams in the semifinals .	sing_plur	1811
The game saw millions spent on sporting facilities in Manchester .	The games saw millions spent on sporting facilities in Manchester .	sing_plur	1812
This was not a reaction the producer anticipated .	This was not a reaction the producers anticipated .	sing_plur	1815
Some Saudis referred to the attack as their own 9 / 11 .	Some Saudis referred to the attacks as their own 9 / 11 .	sing_plur	1816
If the government accepts these proposals , it signs contracts with the insurer .	If the government accepts these proposals , it signs contracts with the insurers .	sing_plur	1818
If I put them in pudding , they 'll eat the vegetable .	If I put them in pudding , they 'll eat the vegetables .	sing_plur	1819
Police are looking for the killer .	Police are looking for the killers .	sing_plur	1820
The Supreme Court overturned the decision on Aug. 31 .	The Supreme Court overturned the decisions on Aug. 31 .	sing_plur	1822
Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statement .	Actual results may differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	1823
The company said they will expand the partnership to include new games .	The companies said they will expand the partnership to include new games .	sing_plur	1824
The impact of the cut on patient care had been unclear .	The impact of the cuts on patient care had been unclear .	sing_plur	1825
In 1927 , the movie began learning to talk .	In 1927 , the movies began learning to talk .	sing_plur	1827
Otherwise the street of the capital appeared calm .	Otherwise the streets of the capital appeared calm .	sing_plur	1829
" Look , you cannot con the voter , " McCain said .	" Look , you cannot con the voters , " McCain said .	sing_plur	1831
Other media organizations then picked up the comment .	Other media organizations then picked up the comments .	sing_plur	1832
He did not know if they were the child 's grandparents .	He did not know if they were the children 's grandparents .	sing_plur	1833
The new Oliver Twist was great fun for the kid .	The new Oliver Twist was great fun for the kids .	sing_plur	1837
Superfans always find a way around the rule , anyway .	Superfans always find a way around the rules , anyway .	sing_plur	1838
" " The security plan has failed in the neighborhood .	" " The security plan has failed in the neighborhoods .	sing_plur	1840
The family has moved five times since the flood .	The family has moved five times since the floods .	sing_plur	1843
Myanmar experts were cautious about the prospect for reconciliation .	Myanmar experts were cautious about the prospects for reconciliation .	sing_plur	1844
White pleaded guilty to the inhumane trapping of the red-listed bird .	White pleaded guilty to the inhumane trapping of the red-listed birds .	sing_plur	1845
It is something I have learnt to deal with over the year .	It is something I have learnt to deal with over the years .	sing_plur	1846
Note the floodgate .	Note the floodgates .	sing_plur	1847
Nyan Win made no reference to the death .	Nyan Win made no reference to the deaths .	sing_plur	1848
The rights abuse charges include sanctioning the death-squad killing of 25 people .	The rights abuse charges include sanctioning the death-squad killings of 25 people .	sing_plur	1849
But some experts questioned UNICEF 'S interpretation of the datum .	But some experts questioned UNICEF 'S interpretation of the data .	sing_plur	1850
The utility said it would be illegal to divulge classified information .	The utilities said it would be illegal to divulge classified information .	sing_plur	1852
Mr Majid has been named chairman of the joint chief of staff .	Mr Majid has been named chairman of the joint chiefs of staff .	sing_plur	1858
The squirrel attracted large birds of prey .	The squirrels attracted large birds of prey .	sing_plur	1859
Waves also washed away sand and licked at the wall of beachfront hotels .	Waves also washed away sand and licked at the walls of beachfront hotels .	sing_plur	1860
The burglar then left with $ 350 and jewelry .	The burglars then left with $ 350 and jewelry .	sing_plur	1862
The challenge facing the immigrant labor movement remain formidable .	The challenges facing the immigrant labor movement remain formidable .	sing_plur	1865
His daughters could meet in the semifinal .	His daughters could meet in the semifinals .	sing_plur	1866
Wood says her parents aren 't OK with the tattoo .	Wood says her parents aren 't OK with the tattoos .	sing_plur	1869
The woman gave Redesdale a " Candid Camera " look .	The women gave Redesdale a " Candid Camera " look .	sing_plur	1870
The grounding prompted at least three airlines -- Alaska Air Group Inc .	The groundings prompted at least three airlines -- Alaska Air Group Inc .	sing_plur	1871
Many people find the datum perplexing .	Many people find the data perplexing .	sing_plur	1872
He did not elaborate on the specific claim .	He did not elaborate on the specific claims .	sing_plur	1873
The various letters already have the campaign scrambling .	The various letters already have the campaigns scrambling .	sing_plur	1874
It is different from the one found in the southern part of Europe .	It is different from the ones found in the southern part of Europe .	sing_plur	1876
The remark by the two financial heavyweights produced little movement in Treasury yields .	The remarks by the two financial heavyweights produced little movement in Treasury yields .	sing_plur	1877
Better get the Gator now , while you still can .	Better get the Gators now , while you still can .	sing_plur	1878
1991 3 March - Iraq accepts the term of a ceasefire .	1991 3 March - Iraq accepts the terms of a ceasefire .	sing_plur	1879
No one knows how the bacterium got into the leaves .	No one knows how the bacteria got into the leaves .	sing_plur	1880
The Bill also signed fullback Jonathan Evans to their practice squad .	The Bills also signed fullback Jonathan Evans to their practice squad .	sing_plur	1881
Police said they were not sure who owned the memorabilium .	Police said they were not sure who owned the memorabilia .	sing_plur	1883
But there is a different tone on the street .	But there is a different tone on the streets .	sing_plur	1884
I do not have the word to describe how happy I am .	I do not have the words to describe how happy I am .	sing_plur	1885
There are already reports of some confusion over the latest change .	There are already reports of some confusion over the latest changes .	sing_plur	1887
Police said the outsider began firing shots .	Police said the outsiders began firing shots .	sing_plur	1888
She recited the fact like poems she memorized at school .	She recited the facts like poems she memorized at school .	sing_plur	1889
" I hope the result will be encouraging , " he said .	" I hope the results will be encouraging , " he said .	sing_plur	1891
He said the government was demanding that Mr. Mehsud free the soldier .	He said the government was demanding that Mr. Mehsud free the soldiers .	sing_plur	1895
Damascus denies involvement in any of the killing .	Damascus denies involvement in any of the killings .	sing_plur	1896
Criminals always prefer to go for the easiest victim .	Criminals always prefer to go for the easiest victims .	sing_plur	1897
Only indirectly could the franchise manager , Phil Parandes , reckon the effect .	Only indirectly could the franchise manager , Phil Parandes , reckon the effects .	sing_plur	1898
And the airline will not tell people .	And the airlines will not tell people .	sing_plur	1899
More important , the bubble did not last long .	More important , the bubbles did not last long .	sing_plur	1901
Extreme events like the recent devastating fire in Greece may complicate the problem .	Extreme events like the recent devastating fires in Greece may complicate the problem .	sing_plur	1902
The GAO did not identify the airport .	The GAO did not identify the airports .	sing_plur	1903
Together , the movie revitalized Hollywood 's listless autumn .	Together , the movies revitalized Hollywood 's listless autumn .	sing_plur	1904
Wild glissandos and glowing melodies represent the operatic vocalist .	Wild glissandos and glowing melodies represent the operatic vocalists .	sing_plur	1905
And so I would respectfully disagree with the characterization of Chairman Greenspan .	And so I would respectfully disagree with the characterizations of Chairman Greenspan .	sing_plur	1906
The finding prompted Portuguese police to place Kate and Gerry McCann under investigation .	The findings prompted Portuguese police to place Kate and Gerry McCann under investigation .	sing_plur	1907
It is the people , the player and the supporters .	It is the people , the players and the supporters .	sing_plur	1908
The side played out a thrilling 2-2 draw at Links Park on Saturday .	The sides played out a thrilling 2-2 draw at Links Park on Saturday .	sing_plur	1909
About 21,000 students from other states attend the school .	About 21,000 students from other states attend the schools .	sing_plur	1910
I 'll try to relax and let the experiences themselves create the memory .	I 'll try to relax and let the experiences themselves create the memories .	sing_plur	1912
It is easily , unfortunately , a target for the jihadist .	It is easily , unfortunately , a target for the jihadists .	sing_plur	1914
Many of the contractor working in Iraq are also third-country nationals .	Many of the contractors working in Iraq are also third-country nationals .	sing_plur	1915
That is why we have to get the number right .	That is why we have to get the numbers right .	sing_plur	1918
Muzeul Satului and Muzeul Taranului Roman are among the top-notch local museum .	Muzeul Satului and Muzeul Taranului Roman are among the top-notch local museums .	sing_plur	1919
There is no disagreement that the shot could be more effective .	There is no disagreement that the shots could be more effective .	sing_plur	1920
Twenty-four percent of flights arrived late January-October , the second-worst delay on record .	Twenty-four percent of flights arrived late January-October , the second-worst delays on record .	sing_plur	1921
This report corresponds to the unconsolidated financial statement of Bancolombia .	This report corresponds to the unconsolidated financial statements of Bancolombia .	sing_plur	1924
On the runway , it is a different story .	On the runways , it is a different story .	sing_plur	1925
But I cannot believe that Italy will not qualify for the European Championship .	But I cannot believe that Italy will not qualify for the European Championships .	sing_plur	1926
The prosecutor acknowledged the challenge .	The prosecutors acknowledged the challenge .	sing_plur	1927
But it is not in the long-term best interest of our franchise .	But it is not in the long-term best interests of our franchise .	sing_plur	1928
" " The root of this incident must be disclosed .	" " The roots of this incident must be disclosed .	sing_plur	1929
It took a while for the deed to match the words .	It took a while for the deeds to match the words .	sing_plur	1930
He is thought to have organised the other participant .	He is thought to have organised the other participants .	sing_plur	1931
They previously shared custody of the boy .	They previously shared custody of the boys .	sing_plur	1932
The referee huddled .	The referees huddled .	sing_plur	1934
The death shook the tight-knit community .	The deaths shook the tight-knit community .	sing_plur	1935
The government denies the accusation .	The government denies the accusations .	sing_plur	1936
" " There are dangers out on the road .	" " There are dangers out on the roads .	sing_plur	1937
No wonder why everybody dislikes the medium .	No wonder why everybody dislikes the media .	sing_plur	1938
If convicted , the man could be executed by lethal injection .	If convicted , the men could be executed by lethal injection .	sing_plur	1939
Instead , the student won a lawsuit against Diebold for abusing copyright law .	Instead , the students won a lawsuit against Diebold for abusing copyright law .	sing_plur	1941
But he called on politicians to do more than condemn the incident .	But he called on politicians to do more than condemn the incidents .	sing_plur	1945
Then we have got to start the political talk .	Then we have got to start the political talks .	sing_plur	1946
The newspaper did not mention the sanction .	The newspaper did not mention the sanctions .	sing_plur	1948
They said that decision had been left to the court .	They said that decision had been left to the courts .	sing_plur	1951
The force would give no details of the case or identify the suspect .	The force would give no details of the case or identify the suspects .	sing_plur	1952
This track is also tough on the car .	This track is also tough on the cars .	sing_plur	1953
Some 3,000 people died in the massacre that followed .	Some 3,000 people died in the massacres that followed .	sing_plur	1954
But they agree on the big issue facing the country .	But they agree on the big issues facing the country .	sing_plur	1957
The financial implication in losing are not as big as people suggest .	The financial implications in losing are not as big as people suggest .	sing_plur	1959
To meet the imperative of Wall Street , Charter falsely inflated its revenue .	To meet the imperatives of Wall Street , Charter falsely inflated its revenue .	sing_plur	1960
The voice of authority can be challenged .	The voices of authority can be challenged .	sing_plur	1961
Learning the fact is increasingly important .	Learning the facts is increasingly important .	sing_plur	1962
The traveler initially approached the charter boat 's first mate , Sammy Kairy .	The travelers initially approached the charter boat 's first mate , Sammy Kairy .	sing_plur	1964
There are many deaths on the street of Rangoon .	There are many deaths on the streets of Rangoon .	sing_plur	1965
The networks take care of feeding the ad to smaller sites .	The networks take care of feeding the ads to smaller sites .	sing_plur	1967
The parent of missing Madeleine McCann are again on some front pages .	The parents of missing Madeleine McCann are again on some front pages .	sing_plur	1969
The chip could be available for games manufacturers within three years .	The chips could be available for games manufacturers within three years .	sing_plur	1974
To the fan , he comes off as cold-hearted and unsentimental .	To the fans , he comes off as cold-hearted and unsentimental .	sing_plur	1976
And now the medium will not leave Chris alone .	And now the media will not leave Chris alone .	sing_plur	1977
You just have to try to avoid the bad spot .	You just have to try to avoid the bad spots .	sing_plur	1978
But some 2005 first-rounders have made an impact in the major .	But some 2005 first-rounders have made an impact in the majors .	sing_plur	1979
The current trend for CDs is to make them VERY LOUD .	The current trends for CDs is to make them VERY LOUD .	sing_plur	1980
I love the relationship in recruiting .	I love the relationships in recruiting .	sing_plur	1982
But I think our party has the right answer .	But I think our party has the right answers .	sing_plur	1984
Davydenko joined a pair of Russian women in the semifinal .	Davydenko joined a pair of Russian women in the semifinals .	sing_plur	1986
You can buy private coverage for the extra cost .	You can buy private coverage for the extra costs .	sing_plur	1987
The enclave grows and thrives beyond the dream of its founders .	The enclave grows and thrives beyond the dreams of its founders .	sing_plur	1989
Follow the link to see some of the key findings .	Follow the links to see some of the key findings .	sing_plur	1990
The ministry closed the college and began selling off the property .	The ministry closed the college and began selling off the properties .	sing_plur	1991
No other current top presidential candidate has sought to ease the restriction .	No other current top presidential candidate has sought to ease the restrictions .	sing_plur	1992
I want real sustained action to remedy the problem .	I want real sustained action to remedy the problems .	sing_plur	1995
A buoy thudded musically between the crash of the wave .	A buoy thudded musically between the crash of the waves .	sing_plur	1998
He appealed to the juror to be patient .	He appealed to the jurors to be patient .	sing_plur	2000
" The rule will change , " says Cheng Li .	" The rules will change , " says Cheng Li .	sing_plur	2001
The drawing alone would take about 10 years .	The drawings alone would take about 10 years .	sing_plur	2002
Here , the effort sometimes gets in the way of the laugh .	Here , the effort sometimes gets in the way of the laughs .	sing_plur	2003
I have not seen advertising that extols the environmental benefit of bottled water .	I have not seen advertising that extols the environmental benefits of bottled water .	sing_plur	2005
In the meantime , the Booth will have to depend on charity .	In the meantime , the Booths will have to depend on charity .	sing_plur	2006
The election may now be at risk because of her assassination .	The elections may now be at risk because of her assassination .	sing_plur	2007
Physical exercise is the best-proven prescription so far , the scientist agreed .	Physical exercise is the best-proven prescription so far , the scientists agreed .	sing_plur	2008
Those changes in the guideline took effect Nov. 1 .	Those changes in the guidelines took effect Nov. 1 .	sing_plur	2009
He declined to comment on the specific of any potential lawsuit .	He declined to comment on the specifics of any potential lawsuit .	sing_plur	2010
Eberle stumbled on the letter when researching an earlier book on Hitler .	Eberle stumbled on the letters when researching an earlier book on Hitler .	sing_plur	2011
She is averaging 20.3 points and 14.3 rebounds in the playoff .	She is averaging 20.3 points and 14.3 rebounds in the playoffs .	sing_plur	2013
No wonder why we are going down the tube .	No wonder why we are going down the tubes .	sing_plur	2014
Airlines insist their schedules simply respond to the demand of passengers .	Airlines insist their schedules simply respond to the demands of passengers .	sing_plur	2015
If so , the term can only get worse for India .	If so , the terms can only get worse for India .	sing_plur	2017
New money may allow research on the product , she added .	New money may allow research on the products , she added .	sing_plur	2018
Yet behind the scene , Mr Ozawa looks in sudden trouble .	Yet behind the scenes , Mr Ozawa looks in sudden trouble .	sing_plur	2019
The government has defended the arrest as necessary to maintain law and order .	The government has defended the arrests as necessary to maintain law and order .	sing_plur	2020
Both were arrested in the raid .	Both were arrested in the raids .	sing_plur	2023
It landed at my feet just as the door closed !	It landed at my feet just as the doors closed !	sing_plur	2024
Lafley called the report speculative .	Lafley called the reports speculative .	sing_plur	2025
U.S. officials said at the time that the weapon had been stolen .	U.S. officials said at the time that the weapons had been stolen .	sing_plur	2026
Royal Mail and the CWU issued a joint statement after the talk .	Royal Mail and the CWU issued a joint statement after the talks .	sing_plur	2027
The official described the casualties as local Taliban .	The officials described the casualties as local Taliban .	sing_plur	2028
Rob Burrow adds the extra .	Rob Burrow adds the extras .	sing_plur	2029
The member learned group dynamics and discipline , strategy and execution .	The members learned group dynamics and discipline , strategy and execution .	sing_plur	2032
But he , too , is aware of the challenge .	But he , too , is aware of the challenges .	sing_plur	2033
Don 't cheat the movement just because nobody is around .	Don 't cheat the movements just because nobody is around .	sing_plur	2034
The kid will have a totally different take on where you 've been .	The kids will have a totally different take on where you 've been .	sing_plur	2036
This happens because of physics and the law of motion .	This happens because of physics and the laws of motion .	sing_plur	2037
The white took the best for themselves .	The whites took the best for themselves .	sing_plur	2038
The Iraqi sure will not think the war is over .	The Iraqis sure will not think the war is over .	sing_plur	2040
The plan will then go to the council board and full council .	The plans will then go to the council board and full council .	sing_plur	2041
The biggest scallop that came up were six inches across .	The biggest scallops that came up were six inches across .	sing_plur	2042
The researcher projected there were 94,360 such cases in 2005 .	The researchers projected there were 94,360 such cases in 2005 .	sing_plur	2043
He served well and returned my serves well and dominated the rally .	He served well and returned my serves well and dominated the rallies .	sing_plur	2044
The agenda will be posted at www.ncd.gov prior to each meeting .	The agendas will be posted at www.ncd.gov prior to each meeting .	sing_plur	2045
" I am not gay , " he told the camera .	" I am not gay , " he told the cameras .	sing_plur	2046
They deny the charge .	They deny the charges .	sing_plur	2047
Within hours , the letter to the editor started coming in .	Within hours , the letters to the editor started coming in .	sing_plur	2048
The government unveiled the settlement at a press conference at the Justice Department .	The government unveiled the settlements at a press conference at the Justice Department .	sing_plur	2050
He did not provide a list of the state .	He did not provide a list of the states .	sing_plur	2054
Neither Emirati nor Pakistani officials commented on the allegation .	Neither Emirati nor Pakistani officials commented on the allegations .	sing_plur	2055
Fidesz leads the ruling Socialists by 20 points in the poll .	Fidesz leads the ruling Socialists by 20 points in the polls .	sing_plur	2056
They all said they had rebuffed the offer .	They all said they had rebuffed the offers .	sing_plur	2057
The astronaut found no evidence of that .	The astronauts found no evidence of that .	sing_plur	2058
Beckwith buried five errors in each one without telling the participant .	Beckwith buried five errors in each one without telling the participants .	sing_plur	2059
I am disappointed with the goal we conceded .	I am disappointed with the goals we conceded .	sing_plur	2060
They cannot believe they are ahead in the poll .	They cannot believe they are ahead in the polls .	sing_plur	2061
The Giants recognized Washington 's substitutions , and expected the play .	The Giants recognized Washington 's substitutions , and expected the plays .	sing_plur	2064
The judge scored the 12-round fight 118-110 , 117-111 and 117-111 .	The judges scored the 12-round fight 118-110 , 117-111 and 117-111 .	sing_plur	2068
It will host the gymnastic and netball competitions .	It will host the gymnastics and netball competitions .	sing_plur	2071
Researchers flew to Iceland last month and trapped about 400 of the bird .	Researchers flew to Iceland last month and trapped about 400 of the birds .	sing_plur	2072
The documentary features many pro-gay veterans of the theological debate .	The documentary features many pro-gay veterans of the theological debates .	sing_plur	2073
We want to do it for Frank Beamer , for the fan .	We want to do it for Frank Beamer , for the fans .	sing_plur	2074
The abbey also has a store that sells the egg .	The abbey also has a store that sells the eggs .	sing_plur	2075
And Fox 's confrontational style packed ever more like-minded believers into the pew .	And Fox 's confrontational style packed ever more like-minded believers into the pews .	sing_plur	2076
" We can ask the question , " Sedlak said .	" We can ask the questions , " Sedlak said .	sing_plur	2077
There was no mention of the crushed car or other collateral damage .	There was no mention of the crushed cars or other collateral damage .	sing_plur	2078
Pakistan 's government did not immediately comment on the allegation .	Pakistan 's government did not immediately comment on the allegations .	sing_plur	2081
I have got moderates working against extremists from the inside of the compound .	I have got moderates working against extremists from the inside of the compounds .	sing_plur	2083
Yesterday he stood by the comment .	Yesterday he stood by the comments .	sing_plur	2084
After writing the book , she said retirement probably beckoned .	After writing the books , she said retirement probably beckoned .	sing_plur	2085
The tasting will be offered Wednesdays .	The tastings will be offered Wednesdays .	sing_plur	2087
We have to protect the interest of each other .	We have to protect the interests of each other .	sing_plur	2088
Only Muslims can visit the city of Mecca and Medina .	Only Muslims can visit the cities of Mecca and Medina .	sing_plur	2090
The Chinese are not following the rule .	The Chinese are not following the rules .	sing_plur	2093
The company said they stopped taking the ads years ago .	The companies said they stopped taking the ads years ago .	sing_plur	2095
They were usually the victim of crime , not the perpetrators .	They were usually the victims of crime , not the perpetrators .	sing_plur	2096
Vermette scored a short-handed goal for the Senator .	Vermette scored a short-handed goal for the Senators .	sing_plur	2099
The player apparently reckoned it was too ugly to celebrate .	The players apparently reckoned it was too ugly to celebrate .	sing_plur	2100
Analysts say the rule governing the funds are vague and full of loopholes .	Analysts say the rules governing the funds are vague and full of loopholes .	sing_plur	2101
Attorneys for the other did not immediately return calls Wednesday .	Attorneys for the others did not immediately return calls Wednesday .	sing_plur	2102
He said the policeman later left the building .	He said the policemen later left the building .	sing_plur	2103
Ebbert declined the ticket .	Ebbert declined the tickets .	sing_plur	2104
He controls the daily affair of the ruling party .	He controls the daily affairs of the ruling party .	sing_plur	2105
Yes , it is easier to list the non-possibility .	Yes , it is easier to list the non-possibilities .	sing_plur	2106
Two James Bond movie posters adorn the wall .	Two James Bond movie posters adorn the walls .	sing_plur	2107
Officials initially expressed hope that the trapped worker could be saved .	Officials initially expressed hope that the trapped workers could be saved .	sing_plur	2108
She cited the pardon of former U.S. and South Korean presidents as precedents .	She cited the pardons of former U.S. and South Korean presidents as precedents .	sing_plur	2109
Youkilis walked , and Sabathia hit Ortiz to load the base .	Youkilis walked , and Sabathia hit Ortiz to load the bases .	sing_plur	2110
The well is currently shut-in for pressure build-up tests in the sand .	The well is currently shut-in for pressure build-up tests in the sands .	sing_plur	2111
That is how it appears to us on the sideline .	That is how it appears to us on the sidelines .	sing_plur	2112
Overcooking the nut destroys the useful elements .	Overcooking the nuts destroys the useful elements .	sing_plur	2113
But they did not ask or recommend that people leave the island .	But they did not ask or recommend that people leave the islands .	sing_plur	2114
He offered the tabloid photograph for  300,000 .	He offered the tabloid photographs for  300,000 .	sing_plur	2115
Nobody has been sacked as a result of the finding .	Nobody has been sacked as a result of the findings .	sing_plur	2116
Several of the African in the study matched multiple ethnic groups .	Several of the Africans in the study matched multiple ethnic groups .	sing_plur	2118
Contact between the sex is strictly controlled .	Contact between the sexes is strictly controlled .	sing_plur	2120
Defense attorney Wally Bugden said the judge released the document without his knowledge .	Defense attorney Wally Bugden said the judge released the documents without his knowledge .	sing_plur	2121
The targeted diplomat will have 10 days to reply .	The targeted diplomats will have 10 days to reply .	sing_plur	2122
Three other men have agreed to plead guilty and testify against the defendant .	Three other men have agreed to plead guilty and testify against the defendants .	sing_plur	2123
Authorities were searching for the suspect , Curran said .	Authorities were searching for the suspects , Curran said .	sing_plur	2125
The tourism bureau is soliciting public opinion on the translation .	The tourism bureau is soliciting public opinion on the translations .	sing_plur	2126
But enforcement of the regulation in China is lax .	But enforcement of the regulations in China is lax .	sing_plur	2127
The end result certainly smoothes out a lot of the opinion .	The end result certainly smoothes out a lot of the opinions .	sing_plur	2128
Do this for the sake of the child .	Do this for the sake of the children .	sing_plur	2129
The Scot forced two impressive saves from Giedrius Arlauskis inside two minutes .	The Scots forced two impressive saves from Giedrius Arlauskis inside two minutes .	sing_plur	2130
The state case raises some of the same allegation .	The state case raises some of the same allegations .	sing_plur	2132
The anti-theft tags hooked on the bra did not trigger a store alarm .	The anti-theft tags hooked on the bras did not trigger a store alarm .	sing_plur	2135
She hears the pill she poured onto the kitchen table .	She hears the pills she poured onto the kitchen table .	sing_plur	2136
His release would be extremely politically charged given the brutality of the killing .	His release would be extremely politically charged given the brutality of the killings .	sing_plur	2137
The Wall Streeters loved the excess fee for excess risk .	The Wall Streeters loved the excess fees for excess risk .	sing_plur	2140
The woman looked a bit doubtful again .	The women looked a bit doubtful again .	sing_plur	2142
More than 100,000 Britons visit the island every year .	More than 100,000 Britons visit the islands every year .	sing_plur	2143
The Duck handed the Oilers their fourth straight loss .	The Ducks handed the Oilers their fourth straight loss .	sing_plur	2145
The Bulldog ( 4-0 ) hit 17-of-32 from beyond the arc .	The Bulldogs ( 4-0 ) hit 17-of-32 from beyond the arc .	sing_plur	2146
I use the word " unmitigated disaster " advisedly .	I use the words " unmitigated disaster " advisedly .	sing_plur	2147
As a class , review the article and amendments of the U.S. Constitution .	As a class , review the articles and amendments of the U.S. Constitution .	sing_plur	2148
You just cannot swim in the river .	You just cannot swim in the rivers .	sing_plur	2150
But the time may be changing .	But the times may be changing .	sing_plur	2151
The FBI eliminated use of the letter earlier this year .	The FBI eliminated use of the letters earlier this year .	sing_plur	2152
Still , Terri is grabbing life by the jaw .	Still , Terri is grabbing life by the jaws .	sing_plur	2153
Yet there is plenty of difference in the detail .	Yet there is plenty of difference in the details .	sing_plur	2154
Rural areas are often neglected and huge shanty towns ring the city .	Rural areas are often neglected and huge shanty towns ring the cities .	sing_plur	2155
She notes the dirty cornstalk in her office .	She notes the dirty cornstalks in her office .	sing_plur	2157
Following the raid , a closure notice was served on the premise .	Following the raid , a closure notice was served on the premises .	sing_plur	2158
At that speed , the interceptor could not catch the Russian missiles .	At that speed , the interceptors could not catch the Russian missiles .	sing_plur	2159
Don 't give me the reason you cannot do either .	Don 't give me the reasons you cannot do either .	sing_plur	2161
Two employees keep an eye on the monitor .	Two employees keep an eye on the monitors .	sing_plur	2162
Decades later , I knew the result .	Decades later , I knew the results .	sing_plur	2163
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the issue 's sensitivity .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because of the issue 's sensitivity .	sing_plur	2164
On the railway , politics shows no signs of going away .	On the railways , politics shows no signs of going away .	sing_plur	2165
These teams had to achieve key technical milestones to receive the fund .	These teams had to achieve key technical milestones to receive the funds .	sing_plur	2169
Caveats accompanied the finding .	Caveats accompanied the findings .	sing_plur	2170
This situation must be dealt with by the authority .	This situation must be dealt with by the authorities .	sing_plur	2171
And the baby chose the helping toys over the neutral ones .	And the babies chose the helping toys over the neutral ones .	sing_plur	2174
Stores will reward the early bird with food .	Stores will reward the early birds with food .	sing_plur	2175
Make the necessary change .	Make the necessary changes .	sing_plur	2176
The Dane slowed - but Calzaghe kept the attack coming .	The Dane slowed - but Calzaghe kept the attacks coming .	sing_plur	2177
Marsh is fighting the case , but declined to comment .	Marsh is fighting the cases , but declined to comment .	sing_plur	2180
The militant successfully kidnapped an Afghan man during the gunbattle , he said .	The militants successfully kidnapped an Afghan man during the gunbattle , he said .	sing_plur	2182
Watkins said those guilty of the crime should be punished .	Watkins said those guilty of the crimes should be punished .	sing_plur	2184
The man targeted in the attacks were not killed , police said .	The men targeted in the attacks were not killed , police said .	sing_plur	2185
Damage amounting to  400 was caused to the premise .	Damage amounting to  400 was caused to the premises .	sing_plur	2186
Here are the list .	Here are the lists .	sing_plur	2188
The mass runners follow the elite man at 1040 BST .	The mass runners follow the elite men at 1040 BST .	sing_plur	2189
He said the Sharifs would defeat the case in court .	He said the Sharifs would defeat the cases in court .	sing_plur	2190
Only the airline could get away with that .	Only the airlines could get away with that .	sing_plur	2191
I could hear the child screaming in fear .	I could hear the children screaming in fear .	sing_plur	2193
But Dr. Fryer has been tight-lipped publicly about the detail .	But Dr. Fryer has been tight-lipped publicly about the details .	sing_plur	2194
It is the playoff .	It is the playoffs .	sing_plur	2195
I was at home when I heard the blast .	I was at home when I heard the blasts .	sing_plur	2196
The result of the inquiry will be made public .	The results of the inquiry will be made public .	sing_plur	2198
She reached the semi-final a year ago before calling it quits .	She reached the semi-finals a year ago before calling it quits .	sing_plur	2199
The Cavalier also scored 19 points off Drexel 's 17 turnovers .	The Cavaliers also scored 19 points off Drexel 's 17 turnovers .	sing_plur	2201
But the allegation proved to have no merit .	But the allegations proved to have no merit .	sing_plur	2202
Ms. Johnston did not actually wound any of the officer .	Ms. Johnston did not actually wound any of the officers .	sing_plur	2204
Fatal accident inquiries will be held to establish the cause of the deaths .	Fatal accident inquiries will be held to establish the causes of the deaths .	sing_plur	2205
Add the chickpea and rosemary , mixing well .	Add the chickpeas and rosemary , mixing well .	sing_plur	2206
Russia , which denied the accusation , responded by expelling three Georgian diplomats .	Russia , which denied the accusations , responded by expelling three Georgian diplomats .	sing_plur	2207
Mr Justice Sullivan quashed the order but stayed his ruling pending appeal .	Mr Justice Sullivan quashed the orders but stayed his ruling pending appeal .	sing_plur	2208
The team traded field goals in the second OT .	The teams traded field goals in the second OT .	sing_plur	2209
Help your daughter make wise choices among the trendy alternative .	Help your daughter make wise choices among the trendy alternatives .	sing_plur	2211
, set arraignment for Oct. 23 for the man .	, set arraignment for Oct. 23 for the men .	sing_plur	2212
" Screw the expense , " he said .	" Screw the expenses , " he said .	sing_plur	2213
He had six children from the previous marriage .	He had six children from the previous marriages .	sing_plur	2214
Like Serpico , he goes through the door alone .	Like Serpico , he goes through the doors alone .	sing_plur	2215
The test will start within next two weeks .	The tests will start within next two weeks .	sing_plur	2216
It was impossible to independently verify the report in the tightly controlled nation .	It was impossible to independently verify the reports in the tightly controlled nation .	sing_plur	2217
Romney spokesman Eric Fehrnstrom later clarified the remark .	Romney spokesman Eric Fehrnstrom later clarified the remarks .	sing_plur	2218
But commercial AM and FM radio stations do not , the witness said .	But commercial AM and FM radio stations do not , the witnesses said .	sing_plur	2220
These supplies are now being utilized in the affected area .	These supplies are now being utilized in the affected areas .	sing_plur	2222
The nun recognised him and he saved his head .	The nuns recognised him and he saved his head .	sing_plur	2224
Police fired water cannon to halt the protester .	Police fired water cannon to halt the protesters .	sing_plur	2227
Standing at centre-stage , Sen Clinton looked relatively unruffled at the assault .	Standing at centre-stage , Sen Clinton looked relatively unruffled at the assaults .	sing_plur	2229
The insurer used their considerable clout to demand bigger discounts .	The insurers used their considerable clout to demand bigger discounts .	sing_plur	2230
Indeed , the six-time British champion jockey rode this epic race to perfection .	Indeed , the six-times British champion jockey rode this epic race to perfection .	sing_plur	2231
Unfortunately he hit the board after .	Unfortunately he hit the boards after .	sing_plur	2232
The print did not match those of Knox or Sollecito .	The prints did not match those of Knox or Sollecito .	sing_plur	2236
Bombay is liquidating its inventory through the store during the holiday season .	Bombay is liquidating its inventory through the stores during the holiday season .	sing_plur	2237
Earlier this year , the musician agreed to a new three-year contract .	Earlier this year , the musicians agreed to a new three-year contract .	sing_plur	2238
The driver is my best club and I can fly the bunker .	The driver is my best club and I can fly the bunkers .	sing_plur	2239
He said Blackwater helicopters have repeatedly helped save the life of U.S. soldiers .	He said Blackwater helicopters have repeatedly helped save the lives of U.S. soldiers .	sing_plur	2240
The Kurd will never forget that .	The Kurds will never forget that .	sing_plur	2242
The MoD has 28 days to reply to the allegation .	The MoD has 28 days to reply to the allegations .	sing_plur	2243
His service at Verizon spans the year 1984 through 1998 .	His service at Verizon spans the years 1984 through 1998 .	sing_plur	2246
The death of some may deter others from coming along .	The deaths of some may deter others from coming along .	sing_plur	2247
There was no immediate word on the fate of the pilot .	There was no immediate word on the fate of the pilots .	sing_plur	2250
Jordan maintains race played no role in the firing .	Jordan maintains race played no role in the firings .	sing_plur	2252
Our sincerest condolences go out to the family of the deceased and wounded .	Our sincerest condolences go out to the families of the deceased and wounded .	sing_plur	2253
He said the man would appeal against their sentences .	He said the men would appeal against their sentences .	sing_plur	2254
" Do it for the child , " he adds .	" Do it for the children , " he adds .	sing_plur	2255
The CIA destroyed the tape in 2005 .	The CIA destroyed the tapes in 2005 .	sing_plur	2257
You cannot stutter in the playoff .	You cannot stutter in the playoffs .	sing_plur	2258
The image pre-dated the attack .	The images pre-dated the attack .	sing_plur	2259
Ever since , Kerry has worked to lay the criticism to rest .	Ever since , Kerry has worked to lay the criticisms to rest .	sing_plur	2260
The wheelchair is black and has brake grips on the handle .	The wheelchair is black and has brake grips on the handles .	sing_plur	2261
I never knew the full detail of that incident until years later .	I never knew the full details of that incident until years later .	sing_plur	2262
Mix the seasoned flour thoroughly through the piece of venison .	Mix the seasoned flour thoroughly through the pieces of venison .	sing_plur	2263
" " One less miss that went down in the book .	" " One less miss that went down in the books .	sing_plur	2264
The company will continue negotiations over a new contract .	The companies will continue negotiations over a new contract .	sing_plur	2265
He was killed in the attack on the World Trade Center .	He was killed in the attacks on the World Trade Center .	sing_plur	2268
Soon the city will return to their nervous normality .	Soon the cities will return to their nervous normality .	sing_plur	2269
They were also more likely to be the victim of violent crime .	They were also more likely to be the victims of violent crime .	sing_plur	2270
Now locals are draping a hundred plastic snakes on the tree .	Now locals are draping a hundred plastic snakes on the trees .	sing_plur	2271
Neither the Iraqi nor Lieutenant Lind expressed surprise .	Neither the Iraqis nor Lieutenant Lind expressed surprise .	sing_plur	2272
Witnesses also said the Turkish bombing lasted a half-hour in the village .	Witnesses also said the Turkish bombing lasted a half-hour in the villages .	sing_plur	2273
The increase came in the sectors near Tucson , Ariz .	The increases came in the sectors near Tucson , Ariz .	sing_plur	2274
Believe me , those pieces must number in the thousand .	Believe me , those pieces must number in the thousands .	sing_plur	2275
But the finger of his left hand never recovered .	But the fingers of his left hand never recovered .	sing_plur	2276
The camper all rise to the occasion-it is fantastic .	The campers all rise to the occasion-it is fantastic .	sing_plur	2277
The school became crowded with children who spoke little English .	The schools became crowded with children who spoke little English .	sing_plur	2278
The experiment revealed that animals were being detected faster than inanimate objects .	The experiments revealed that animals were being detected faster than inanimate objects .	sing_plur	2279
Three quarters of the Jewish books were taken off the shelf .	Three quarters of the Jewish books were taken off the shelves .	sing_plur	2281
We all know the Conservatives do not have the answer .	We all know the Conservatives do not have the answers .	sing_plur	2282
The charge he faces are unclear .	The charges he faces are unclear .	sing_plur	2283
Some stents have a drug coating meant to keep the vessel from reclogging .	Some stents have a drug coating meant to keep the vessels from reclogging .	sing_plur	2284
Vandals , Goths and Moors were among the later invader .	Vandals , Goths and Moors were among the later invaders .	sing_plur	2285
But Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan defended the tactic .	But Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan defended the tactics .	sing_plur	2286
They serve the political goal of the administration .	They serve the political goals of the administration .	sing_plur	2289
The officer responded and located Ms. Gotbaum on the Concourse area .	The officers responded and located Ms. Gotbaum on the Concourse area .	sing_plur	2291
" Oh , bring out the violin , " Jo says .	" Oh , bring out the violins , " Jo says .	sing_plur	2294
Conn showed him the rope .	Conn showed him the ropes .	sing_plur	2295
Bring on the skull !	Bring on the skulls !	sing_plur	2297
Campaigns should be about the issue .	Campaigns should be about the issues .	sing_plur	2298
The chance must now be remote that he will change his mind .	The chances must now be remote that he will change his mind .	sing_plur	2301
And then there are the abundant dropping .	And then there are the abundant droppings .	sing_plur	2302
He would not say how the school punished the student .	He would not say how the school punished the students .	sing_plur	2303
He has pleaded not guilty to the charge .	He has pleaded not guilty to the charges .	sing_plur	2304
The government hopes the new law will be in place by next summer .	The government hopes the new laws will be in place by next summer .	sing_plur	2306
Employee insiders were the offender in just one-third of the 517 cases .	Employee insiders were the offenders in just one-third of the 517 cases .	sing_plur	2309
He said the next step would be up to the government .	He said the next steps would be up to the government .	sing_plur	2314
The plank had shriveled a bit while the shallop was in dry storage .	The planks had shriveled a bit while the shallop was in dry storage .	sing_plur	2316
Another passenger looked at the shop again .	Another passenger looked at the shops again .	sing_plur	2317
Many of the victim had their throats slit , they said .	Many of the victims had their throats slit , they said .	sing_plur	2318
He recalled the bomb that struck government buildings across the Tigris River .	He recalled the bombs that struck government buildings across the Tigris River .	sing_plur	2319
The same rule may not apply on late-night television .	The same rules may not apply on late-night television .	sing_plur	2320
They 've lost the original root of the party .	They 've lost the original roots of the party .	sing_plur	2321
He has mostly registered in the single digit in polls .	He has mostly registered in the single digits in polls .	sing_plur	2322
The apology came on the eve of Malaysia 's 50th independence day celebrations .	The apologies came on the eve of Malaysia 's 50th independence day celebrations .	sing_plur	2323
The impotence drugs Viagra , Cialis and Levitra will bear the warning .	The impotence drugs Viagra , Cialis and Levitra will bear the warnings .	sing_plur	2324
These are the fact .	These are the facts .	sing_plur	2327
The explanation did not quite satisfy the medium .	The explanation did not quite satisfy the media .	sing_plur	2328
Most of the victim drowned when their rafts were swamped in high seas .	Most of the victims drowned when their rafts were swamped in high seas .	sing_plur	2329
The expectation and reasons for taking the test vary .	The expectations and reasons for taking the test vary .	sing_plur	2330
" He would help me out with the camera , " she said .	" He would help me out with the cameras , " she said .	sing_plur	2334
Medical officials have never managed to confirm the accusation .	Medical officials have never managed to confirm the accusations .	sing_plur	2335
The team will play a three-game series in Phoenix starting Monday .	The teams will play a three-game series in Phoenix starting Monday .	sing_plur	2336
So some are doing well out of the sanction .	So some are doing well out of the sanctions .	sing_plur	2337
Kulayev had denied the charge .	Kulayev had denied the charges .	sing_plur	2338
As two officers take Meyer by the arm , Kerry , D-Mass .	As two officers take Meyer by the arms , Kerry , D-Mass .	sing_plur	2339
Iran denies the charge and says they are diplomats .	Iran denies the charges and says they are diplomats .	sing_plur	2340
The lobbyist for the hedge funds descended and managed to kill it .	The lobbyists for the hedge funds descended and managed to kill it .	sing_plur	2341
But boy , this one was worth the wait for the Commodore .	But boy , this one was worth the wait for the Commodores .	sing_plur	2343
She was well aware of the type of roles she should pursue .	She was well aware of the types of roles she should pursue .	sing_plur	2344
Bell focuses on the perk of being tall .	Bell focuses on the perks of being tall .	sing_plur	2345
I was interested in expressing my sympathy to the victim of that tragedy .	I was interested in expressing my sympathy to the victims of that tragedy .	sing_plur	2346
Local trading standards offices are responsible for enforcing the rule .	Local trading standards offices are responsible for enforcing the rules .	sing_plur	2348
Meanwhile , the headline offered more than enough to confound any consumer .	Meanwhile , the headlines offered more than enough to confound any consumer .	sing_plur	2350
It left the office of Fred 's Taxis as a blackened shell .	It left the offices of Fred 's Taxis as a blackened shell .	sing_plur	2351
The best thing did well .	The best things did well .	sing_plur	2352
We have got the pole of this debate .	We have got the poles of this debate .	sing_plur	2353
While the adult reminisced , the children found the playground .	While the adults reminisced , the children found the playground .	sing_plur	2357
The Forensic Science Service would not comment on the report .	The Forensic Science Service would not comment on the reports .	sing_plur	2358
The player rarely talked about legislation .	The players rarely talked about legislation .	sing_plur	2359
You always notice people challenging the shopkeeper .	You always notice people challenging the shopkeepers .	sing_plur	2361
He came out with one out and runners on the corner .	He came out with one out and runners on the corners .	sing_plur	2362
That group uses independent evaluators to hold accountable the program it supports .	That group uses independent evaluators to hold accountable the programs it supports .	sing_plur	2365
His remains were found in a shallow grave on the outskirt of Karachi .	His remains were found in a shallow grave on the outskirts of Karachi .	sing_plur	2366
People should be educated on the ill effect of using the plastic bag .	People should be educated on the ill effect of using the plastic bags .	sing_plur	2367
Then they let the dog loose for a ferocious chase scene .	Then they let the dogs loose for a ferocious chase scene .	sing_plur	2368
He is expected to play in the semifinal .	He is expected to play in the semifinals .	sing_plur	2369
Waxman asked for the document by Nov. 6 .	Waxman asked for the documents by Nov. 6 .	sing_plur	2373
The prosecutor took no notes , Ms. Molloy and Mr. Piacente said .	The prosecutors took no notes , Ms. Molloy and Mr. Piacente said .	sing_plur	2374
Mauritanian Security Forces Have Started An Extensive Search For The Perpetrator .	Mauritanian Security Forces Have Started An Extensive Search For The Perpetrators .	sing_plur	2375
Ms. Tadikonda says she enjoys tutoring and the flexible hour .	Ms. Tadikonda says she enjoys tutoring and the flexible hours .	sing_plur	2376
The caucus tentatively had been scheduled for Jan. 14 for both parties .	The caucuses tentatively had been scheduled for Jan. 14 for both parties .	sing_plur	2377
The soldier carried on .	The soldiers carried on .	sing_plur	2379
It was not just the patron who noticed Jackson 's act .	It was not just the patrons who noticed Jackson 's act .	sing_plur	2380
Sure they 'd rather their NFC East rivals not make the playoff .	Sure they 'd rather their NFC East rivals not make the playoffs .	sing_plur	2381
An explosion of color rocked the tent with Michael Kors ' spring collection .	An explosion of color rocked the tents with Michael Kors ' spring collection .	sing_plur	2385
Bhutto has pledged to make stronger efforts against the militant .	Bhutto has pledged to make stronger efforts against the militants .	sing_plur	2386
Neither Downing Street nor the Vatican would discuss the reason for the cancellation .	Neither Downing Street nor the Vatican would discuss the reasons for the cancellation .	sing_plur	2387
You will not need to pay the extra fee , et cetera .	You will not need to pay the extra fees , et cetera .	sing_plur	2389
The consequence for his family had been " horrific " he said .	The consequences for his family had been " horrific " he said .	sing_plur	2390
The layoff of temporary workers began Wednesday and will be completed by December .	The layoffs of temporary workers began Wednesday and will be completed by December .	sing_plur	2391
The event gave a platform to Beshear .	The events gave a platform to Beshear .	sing_plur	2393
Their top three selections in each category became the final nominee .	Their top three selections in each category became the final nominees .	sing_plur	2394
The operation occurred near Samarra and in Rabiya , southwest of Baquba .	The operations occurred near Samarra and in Rabiya , southwest of Baquba .	sing_plur	2395
Behind the scene , Mr. Kerik surrounded himself with police and correction buddies .	Behind the scenes , Mr. Kerik surrounded himself with police and correction buddies .	sing_plur	2396
, because most people love going to the movie .	, because most people love going to the movies .	sing_plur	2397
He read from the paper as television cameras captured the moment .	He read from the papers as television cameras captured the moment .	sing_plur	2398
Counterprotesters lined the sidewalk behind metal barricades .	Counterprotesters lined the sidewalks behind metal barricades .	sing_plur	2399
To the east , 20 miles away , lay the front line .	To the east , 20 miles away , lay the front lines .	sing_plur	2401
German authorities nabbed the alleged mastermind of a deadly plot against U.S. targets .	German authorities nabbed the alleged masterminds of a deadly plot against U.S. targets .	sing_plur	2402
Despite the fear , Haynes believes his research has more benign practical applications .	Despite the fears , Haynes believes his research has more benign practical applications .	sing_plur	2405
We keep making the same mistake over and over .	We keep making the same mistakes over and over .	sing_plur	2406
The report did not identify the company .	The report did not identify the companies .	sing_plur	2407
" The Magic of the Movie , " the caption read .	" The Magic of the Movies , " the caption read .	sing_plur	2408
It could also force scientists to rethink how the ancient creature moved .	It could also force scientists to rethink how the ancient creatures moved .	sing_plur	2411
The test agreed with the clinical diagnosis about 90 percent of the time .	The tests agreed with the clinical diagnosis about 90 percent of the time .	sing_plur	2412
The officer ordered him to stop , Browne said .	The officers ordered him to stop , Browne said .	sing_plur	2413
She is a Quiche Mayan , from the midwestern highland .	She is a Quiche Mayan , from the midwestern highlands .	sing_plur	2414
Trapp said he thoroughly explained the risk to Mohr .	Trapp said he thoroughly explained the risks to Mohr .	sing_plur	2415
The codex comprised the book of the Old Testament .	The codex comprised the books of the Old Testament .	sing_plur	2416
Their availability for the playoff remained uncertain .	Their availability for the playoffs remained uncertain .	sing_plur	2417
The soldier will return to their barracks in Germany late next month .	The soldiers will return to their barracks in Germany late next month .	sing_plur	2418
He was not expected to make any statements to the medium .	He was not expected to make any statements to the media .	sing_plur	2419
That forced him to lob the ball away in the final second .	That forced him to lob the ball away in the final seconds .	sing_plur	2421
The medium almost ignored the crisis in Burma .	The media almost ignored the crisis in Burma .	sing_plur	2422
A live cartridge and a taser gun were also seized during the raid .	A live cartridge and a taser gun were also seized during the raids .	sing_plur	2424
A few would pass or try 1NT despite the poor diamond .	A few would pass or try 1NT despite the poor diamonds .	sing_plur	2425
The researcher also reported financial ties to the company .	The researchers also reported financial ties to the company .	sing_plur	2426
The new cost will apply to tickets booked from Thursday .	The new costs will apply to tickets booked from Thursday .	sing_plur	2427
Mailer 's personal life was as turbulent as the time .	Mailer 's personal life was as turbulent as the times .	sing_plur	2430
The army command refused to comment on the development .	The army command refused to comment on the developments .	sing_plur	2431
Meanwhile , the search continued for the missing sailor .	Meanwhile , the search continued for the missing sailors .	sing_plur	2432
We played with the fan yelling at us .	We played with the fans yelling at us .	sing_plur	2433
The authority said the plotters were connected to an Uzbek Islamist splinter group .	The authorities said the plotters were connected to an Uzbek Islamist splinter group .	sing_plur	2434
The specific of Washington 's benefit could not be learned .	The specifics of Washington 's benefit could not be learned .	sing_plur	2435
Monday 's schedule also includes some off-duty time for the astronaut .	Monday 's schedule also includes some off-duty time for the astronauts .	sing_plur	2436
Add refrigerated items quickly in the morning .	Add refrigerated items quickly in the mornings .	sing_plur	2437
We have the answer for all 32 teams .	We have the answers for all 32 teams .	sing_plur	2440
The wage would be a fraction of what she earns .	The wages would be a fraction of what she earns .	sing_plur	2441
And he seems optimistic that the voter will support him .	And he seems optimistic that the voters will support him .	sing_plur	2442
We must also overcome the blockage to collaboration with NATO .	We must also overcome the blockages to collaboration with NATO .	sing_plur	2443
Mayawati criticized federal intelligence agencies for failing to anticipate the attack .	Mayawati criticized federal intelligence agencies for failing to anticipate the attacks .	sing_plur	2446
The governor in Louisiana and Mississippi had declared states of emergency .	The governors in Louisiana and Mississippi had declared states of emergency .	sing_plur	2447
The team stood on their respective sidelines for the moment .	The teams stood on their respective sidelines for the moment .	sing_plur	2448
They claim substantially less than they are entitled to under the rule .	They claim substantially less than they are entitled to under the rules .	sing_plur	2449
The identity of the others killed were not immediately known .	The identities of the others killed were not immediately known .	sing_plur	2450
People on the street of Basra cheered the departure of the British .	People on the streets of Basra cheered the departure of the British .	sing_plur	2451
They closed the shutter to prevent rocks from breaking windows .	They closed the shutters to prevent rocks from breaking windows .	sing_plur	2453
Two recent studies point up the trend .	Two recent studies point up the trends .	sing_plur	2454
The assault at the heart of the case happened in 2006 .	The assaults at the heart of the case happened in 2006 .	sing_plur	2455
A strike would affect most but not all of the theater on Broadway .	A strike would affect most but not all of the theaters on Broadway .	sing_plur	2456
Now , if they 've weighed the option , she does not .	Now , if they 've weighed the options , she does not .	sing_plur	2457
I just took the peach .	I just took the peaches .	sing_plur	2458
Urquhart said investigators had not determined a motive in the slaying .	Urquhart said investigators had not determined a motive in the slayings .	sing_plur	2459
Actual results may differ materially from the result projected in any forward-looking statement .	Actual results may differ materially from the results projected in any forward-looking statement .	sing_plur	2460
The reference yield was 3.385 % for the Note .	The reference yield was 3.385 % for the Notes .	sing_plur	2461
But the minus got pancaked by the pluses .	But the minuses got pancaked by the pluses .	sing_plur	2462
President Vazquez ordered the excavation soon after taking office .	President Vazquez ordered the excavations soon after taking office .	sing_plur	2465
Utley has been hit by pitch 24 times to lead the major .	Utley has been hit by pitch 24 times to lead the majors .	sing_plur	2467
It is about getting the color right .	It is about getting the colors right .	sing_plur	2468
But the star trio 's return did little to lift the Red .	But the star trio 's return did little to lift the Reds .	sing_plur	2469
It is essential that the piece be of equal thickness .	It is essential that the pieces be of equal thickness .	sing_plur	2470
Jon Stewart will return as host of the Oscar in 2008 .	Jon Stewart will return as host of the Oscars in 2008 .	sing_plur	2471
It is not the game that Grrr me .	It is not the games that Grrr me .	sing_plur	2472
The kid cannot wait .	The kids cannot wait .	sing_plur	2474
The raid targeted people suspected of planting roadside bombs , it said .	The raids targeted people suspected of planting roadside bombs , it said .	sing_plur	2475
Similar high grade zones of veining are present in the other hole .	Similar high grade zones of veining are present in the other holes .	sing_plur	2476
It also features the insight of current industry leaders and communication practitioner 's .	It also features the insights of current industry leaders and communication practitioner 's .	sing_plur	2477
There is no programming , guesswork or praying to the god of technology .	There is no programming , guesswork or praying to the gods of technology .	sing_plur	2478
Mills McCartney denied she was feeding material to the medium .	Mills McCartney denied she was feeding material to the media .	sing_plur	2479
The quality of the fruit depends on the root .	The quality of the fruit depends on the roots .	sing_plur	2480
Don 't tell the kid .	Don 't tell the kids .	sing_plur	2481
The chance of hitting anything are zero .	The chances of hitting anything are zero .	sing_plur	2482
The allegation of corruption became almost legendary .	The allegations of corruption became almost legendary .	sing_plur	2484
But the death of three would-be rescuers compounded sorrow with futility .	But the deaths of three would-be rescuers compounded sorrow with futility .	sing_plur	2485
The timing of those elections will be up to the Pakistani .	The timing of those elections will be up to the Pakistanis .	sing_plur	2486
He delivered lawyers ' mail to the detainee .	He delivered lawyers ' mail to the detainees .	sing_plur	2487
Police suspect arsonists of setting at least two of the fire .	Police suspect arsonists of setting at least two of the fires .	sing_plur	2488
The player will benefit from the experience and become tougher mentally .	The players will benefit from the experience and become tougher mentally .	sing_plur	2489
Herbert Sutcliffe 's the other speedy-pant .	Herbert Sutcliffe 's the other speedy-pants .	sing_plur	2493
Khamenei said , referring to the Islamic militant Hama .	Khamenei said , referring to the Islamic militant Hamas .	sing_plur	2494
The resolution condemns the mass killing of Armenians in Turkey in 1915 .	The resolution condemns the mass killings of Armenians in Turkey in 1915 .	sing_plur	2495
In retirement , Mr Smith was finally relegated to the sideline .	In retirement , Mr Smith was finally relegated to the sidelines .	sing_plur	2496
To be sure , there are plenty of potential spanners in the work .	To be sure , there are plenty of potential spanners in the works .	sing_plur	2501
I stand on the shoulder of giants .	I stand on the shoulders of giants .	sing_plur	2504
He is charismatic and the girl like him .	He is charismatic and the girls like him .	sing_plur	2505
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statement .	Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	2509
Instead , the only thing Hsu bought was scrutiny from the authority .	Instead , the only thing Hsu bought was scrutiny from the authorities .	sing_plur	2511
The number of deaths directly attributed to the fire officially rose to seven .	The number of deaths directly attributed to the fires officially rose to seven .	sing_plur	2512
Aaron M. Brevik is one educator who fell through the crack .	Aaron M. Brevik is one educator who fell through the cracks .	sing_plur	2513
Questioning data But some experts questioned UNICEF 'S interpretation of the datum .	Questioning data But some experts questioned UNICEF 'S interpretation of the data .	sing_plur	2515
The listing would still be available online , the Charlotte Observer reports .	The listings would still be available online , the Charlotte Observer reports .	sing_plur	2516
The downtown here harbors at least 16 micro-neighborhoods boxed by the freeway .	The downtown here harbors at least 16 micro-neighborhoods boxed by the freeways .	sing_plur	2517
" These are the real stake , " he added .	" These are the real stakes , " he added .	sing_plur	2519
These were the thin file .	These were the thin files .	sing_plur	2520
Maritime rescue workers eventually retrieved the body of the two .	Maritime rescue workers eventually retrieved the bodies of the two .	sing_plur	2521
Much of what the executive said was already obvious .	Much of what the executives said was already obvious .	sing_plur	2523
The Diamondback slowly began pulling their regulars as the game progressed .	The Diamondbacks slowly began pulling their regulars as the game progressed .	sing_plur	2527
Mr. Giuliani waved off the dissenter .	Mr. Giuliani waved off the dissenters .	sing_plur	2528
Professor James Calderhead , vice-principal , bestowed the degree in Asmara .	Professor James Calderhead , vice-principal , bestowed the degrees in Asmara .	sing_plur	2531
They are the one with the talent .	They are the ones with the talent .	sing_plur	2532
The figure , though , did not add up .	The figures , though , did not add up .	sing_plur	2533
Try out the recipe below .	Try out the recipes below .	sing_plur	2535
Lucas already has another television series in the work .	Lucas already has another television series in the works .	sing_plur	2536
The charge could bring as much as five years behind bars .	The charges could bring as much as five years behind bars .	sing_plur	2537
And in the end the fact stood up .	And in the end the facts stood up .	sing_plur	2538
Peel and transfer the potato to a large bowl .	Peel and transfer the potatoes to a large bowl .	sing_plur	2539
A little-known Kashmiri group says it is behind the attack .	A little-known Kashmiri group says it is behind the attacks .	sing_plur	2540
It just was not in the card for us .	It just was not in the cards for us .	sing_plur	2542
There was no doubt that Price tested the limit of the system .	There was no doubt that Price tested the limits of the system .	sing_plur	2545
Then sit back and savor the fruit of their labor .	Then sit back and savor the fruits of their labor .	sing_plur	2547
We are old partners-in-arms from the day of post-communism .	We are old partners-in-arms from the days of post-communism .	sing_plur	2548
He suggested his Democratic rivals would not serve the interest of workers .	He suggested his Democratic rivals would not serve the interests of workers .	sing_plur	2549
The one who could not were humanely destroyed .	The ones who could not were humanely destroyed .	sing_plur	2551
Consider the alternative to the Taser .	Consider the alternatives to the Taser .	sing_plur	2552
It is like the movie without the screen .	It is like the movies without the screen .	sing_plur	2553
Two black ribbons were wrapped around the column of another house .	Two black ribbons were wrapped around the columns of another house .	sing_plur	2554
The door open and shut as he builds a barricade .	The doors open and shut as he builds a barricade .	sing_plur	2555
An independent and professional jury will select the winner .	An independent and professional jury will select the winners .	sing_plur	2556
" " This is a victory for the citizen .	" " This is a victory for the citizens .	sing_plur	2560
Our priority was to get through the quarter-final .	Our priority was to get through the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	2561
They are all over the Northern state .	They are all over the Northern states .	sing_plur	2562
" We understand the rule and regulations in Brussels , " he said .	" We understand the rules and regulations in Brussels , " he said .	sing_plur	2563
Thousands were arrested , with the event triggering intense global condemnation .	Thousands were arrested , with the events triggering intense global condemnation .	sing_plur	2566
There was no comment from the rebel on the ground battles .	There was no comment from the rebels on the ground battles .	sing_plur	2567
Police named the parent as formal suspects .	Police named the parents as formal suspects .	sing_plur	2570
It is up to the leader to move the bills .	It is up to the leaders to move the bills .	sing_plur	2571
Finally , do not forget the classic .	Finally , do not forget the classics .	sing_plur	2572
His first attempt at deciphering the musical clue failed .	His first attempt at deciphering the musical clues failed .	sing_plur	2573
The strategy used are various .	The strategies used are various .	sing_plur	2574
The vulture also had a third role : clearing human carrion .	The vultures also had a third role : clearing human carrion .	sing_plur	2575
The attacker shot and killed all four contractors and fled .	The attackers shot and killed all four contractors and fled .	sing_plur	2576
The researcher speculated these rock-paper-scissors games might be commonplace throughout the animal kingdom .	The researchers speculated these rock-paper-scissors games might be commonplace throughout the animal kingdom .	sing_plur	2577
Marine prosecutors dropped the charge against one of them .	Marine prosecutors dropped the charges against one of them .	sing_plur	2578
More than a third of the seminar offered unsuitable investment recommendations .	More than a third of the seminars offered unsuitable investment recommendations .	sing_plur	2579
But then the city changed its position on the turbine .	But then the city changed its position on the turbines .	sing_plur	2580
Mr. Conover tends the garden using antique tools .	Mr. Conover tends the gardens using antique tools .	sing_plur	2581
Then the question began to rise and catch in my throat .	Then the questions began to rise and catch in my throat .	sing_plur	2583
Edwards was undrafted in 2005 but signed with the Viking .	Edwards was undrafted in 2005 but signed with the Vikings .	sing_plur	2584
He only went out to the shop .	He only went out to the shops .	sing_plur	2586
Ms Bhutto looked set to win the general election in January .	Ms Bhutto looked set to win the general elections in January .	sing_plur	2587
The datum recorded a 42.1 percent increase in August .	The data recorded a 42.1 percent increase in August .	sing_plur	2588
That is a good sign for the Yank .	That is a good sign for the Yanks .	sing_plur	2589
The company now cannot buy or guarantee mortgages exceeding $ 417,000 .	The companies now cannot buy or guarantee mortgages exceeding $ 417,000 .	sing_plur	2590
... Google has denied the allegation .	... Google has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	2591
1947 - The US is awarded military bases on the island .	1947 - The US is awarded military bases on the islands .	sing_plur	2593
The result , however , topped analysts ' estimates .	The results , however , topped analysts ' estimates .	sing_plur	2596
And these are the child with a fighting chance .	And these are the children with a fighting chance .	sing_plur	2597
The benefit would seem obvious enough .	The benefits would seem obvious enough .	sing_plur	2598
A panel of three Cambodian and two foreign judges will hear the trial .	A panel of three Cambodian and two foreign judges will hear the trials .	sing_plur	2600
So I started doing the doughnut .	So I started doing the doughnuts .	sing_plur	2601
This agreement is in the interest of everyone involved in the game .	This agreement is in the interests of everyone involved in the game .	sing_plur	2602
Some of the protest in Yangon used Sule Pagoda as a staging ground .	Some of the protests in Yangon used Sule Pagoda as a staging ground .	sing_plur	2603
The income disparity between the have and have-nots is widening .	The income disparity between the haves and have-nots is widening .	sing_plur	2604
The guard repeatedly hit and kneed him and forced him to inhale ammonia .	The guards repeatedly hit and kneed him and forced him to inhale ammonia .	sing_plur	2605
Turn out the light .	Turn out the lights .	sing_plur	2607
The accusation triggered a national uproar over race and class .	The accusations triggered a national uproar over race and class .	sing_plur	2609
Mr. Ads fudged the math in his disarming descriptions of the piece .	Mr. Ads fudged the math in his disarming descriptions of the pieces .	sing_plur	2610
I take the decision .	I take the decisions .	sing_plur	2611
But perhaps those assumptions were not rosy enough for the Republican presidential candidate .	But perhaps those assumptions were not rosy enough for the Republican presidential candidates .	sing_plur	2612
The neighbor just thought the car was weird .	The neighbors just thought the car was weird .	sing_plur	2614
Primary and nursery schools were among the best performer .	Primary and nursery schools were among the best performers .	sing_plur	2615
1941 - US establishes military bases on the island .	1941 - US establishes military bases on the islands .	sing_plur	2616
Meyer then started to struggle with the officer .	Meyer then started to struggle with the officers .	sing_plur	2617
Elections are won by the Progressive Conservative under Brian Mulroney .	Elections are won by the Progressive Conservatives under Brian Mulroney .	sing_plur	2618
The trade-off , of course , comes in the service .	The trade-off , of course , comes in the services .	sing_plur	2620
He served no jail time for the offense , according to public records .	He served no jail time for the offenses , according to public records .	sing_plur	2621
Seshoka charged the shaft had not been properly maintained .	Seshoka charged the shafts had not been properly maintained .	sing_plur	2622
She defended the policy as necessary to protect the country .	She defended the policies as necessary to protect the country .	sing_plur	2624
The board of each company unanimously approved the transaction , Nasdaq said .	The boards of each company unanimously approved the transaction , Nasdaq said .	sing_plur	2626
The ISAF did not release the nationality or names of those involved .	The ISAF did not release the nationalities or names of those involved .	sing_plur	2627
The layoff will save Nymex about $ 10 million .	The layoffs will save Nymex about $ 10 million .	sing_plur	2628
The braver one sang out loud .	The braver ones sang out loud .	sing_plur	2629
The lyric and melodies began flowing .	The lyrics and melodies began flowing .	sing_plur	2630
Obviously the man 's behaviour is unlovely , too .	Obviously the men 's behaviour is unlovely , too .	sing_plur	2632
I did not realise what a huge effect the supermodel had .	I did not realise what a huge effect the supermodels had .	sing_plur	2633
Officers remain at the scene recovering the drug .	Officers remain at the scene recovering the drugs .	sing_plur	2635
Israel prefers to limit the discussion to general principles and day-to-day matters .	Israel prefers to limit the discussions to general principles and day-to-day matters .	sing_plur	2637
" Leave the Italian cooking to the Italian , " he said .	" Leave the Italian cooking to the Italians , " he said .	sing_plur	2638
The key is doing the experiment , well , gently .	The key is doing the experiments , well , gently .	sing_plur	2640
He has denied the allegation .	He has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	2641
Conservative legislators are apprehensive about the proposal .	Conservative legislators are apprehensive about the proposals .	sing_plur	2642
The result matched analysts ' estimates .	The results matched analysts ' estimates .	sing_plur	2643
" Everyone says , ' Oh , you are outselling the other .	" Everyone says , ' Oh , you are outselling the others .	sing_plur	2645
The police said the death may have been caused by carbon monoxide poisoning .	The police said the deaths may have been caused by carbon monoxide poisoning .	sing_plur	2646
Nisman said the wanted notice would be put in place immediately .	Nisman said the wanted notices would be put in place immediately .	sing_plur	2647
Buyers in Virginia are allowed three calendar days to review the document .	Buyers in Virginia are allowed three calendar days to review the documents .	sing_plur	2648
Still , Madlock acknowledges , the obstacle can seem daunting .	Still , Madlock acknowledges , the obstacles can seem daunting .	sing_plur	2651
Martell Webster had 15 points and eight rebounds for the Blazer .	Martell Webster had 15 points and eight rebounds for the Blazers .	sing_plur	2653
She enjoys some of the advantage of incumbency .	She enjoys some of the advantages of incumbency .	sing_plur	2655
The court dealt her a final insult .	The courts dealt her a final insult .	sing_plur	2656
It is not clear how quickly the FCC would act on the filing .	It is not clear how quickly the FCC would act on the filings .	sing_plur	2657
His proteges are divided among all of the Republican presidential campaign .	His proteges are divided among all of the Republican presidential campaigns .	sing_plur	2660
But local journalist Iwan Dharmawan says that was more for the foreign visitor .	But local journalist Iwan Dharmawan says that was more for the foreign visitors .	sing_plur	2662
Doggedly , they keep yields low and scrupulously sort the grape .	Doggedly , they keep yields low and scrupulously sort the grapes .	sing_plur	2663
The Republican candidate for president will debate this evening in Orlando .	The Republican candidates for president will debate this evening in Orlando .	sing_plur	2665
Her husband , scared by the change , left .	Her husband , scared by the changes , left .	sing_plur	2667
The constitutional change approved Thursday do not address those issues .	The constitutional changes approved Thursday do not address those issues .	sing_plur	2668
The researcher used a chemical analysis technique developed to test for air pollution .	The researchers used a chemical analysis technique developed to test for air pollution .	sing_plur	2669
The saving can be impressive .	The savings can be impressive .	sing_plur	2672
Many Japanese complain of crime , pollution and noise associated with the base .	Many Japanese complain of crime , pollution and noise associated with the bases .	sing_plur	2673
Video images showed helicopters sucking water from swimming pools to fight the flame .	Video images showed helicopters sucking water from swimming pools to fight the flames .	sing_plur	2674
He pointed out the success he had in New York .	He pointed out the successes he had in New York .	sing_plur	2675
The other shifted uneasily , except Carol , who walked quickly away .	The others shifted uneasily , except Carol , who walked quickly away .	sing_plur	2676
The bill would not provide the answer to difficult questions .	The bill would not provide the answers to difficult questions .	sing_plur	2678
The research is detailed in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The research is detailed in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	2679
The union did not help themselves in the last Democratic primary .	The unions did not help themselves in the last Democratic primary .	sing_plur	2680
After 11 September , the chicken came home to roost .	After 11 September , the chickens came home to roost .	sing_plur	2682
STANDARD Life 's swoop on Resolution ticked a lot of the right box .	STANDARD Life 's swoop on Resolution ticked a lot of the right boxes .	sing_plur	2683
Many of the event that followed the accident are in dispute .	Many of the events that followed the accident are in dispute .	sing_plur	2684
It has not been reinvented over the year .	It has not been reinvented over the years .	sing_plur	2686
The family accused the company of libel and invasion of Chang 's privacy .	The family accused the companies of libel and invasion of Chang 's privacy .	sing_plur	2688
The arbitrator voted 2-1 again Landis .	The arbitrators voted 2-1 again Landis .	sing_plur	2690
In the school it is a much more collaborative effort .	In the schools it is a much more collaborative effort .	sing_plur	2696
A question and answer session will be included to further discuss the result .	A question and answer session will be included to further discuss the results .	sing_plur	2697
Pandas are the pubic louse of the forest .	Pandas are the pubic lice of the forest .	sing_plur	2698
Stage-school students had to mime the word .	Stage-school students had to mime the words .	sing_plur	2699
The engine finally stopped and crew members donned life jackets .	The engines finally stopped and crew members donned life jackets .	sing_plur	2700
Alex Smith and the San Francisco 49ers have completely skidded off the rail .	Alex Smith and the San Francisco 49ers have completely skidded off the rails .	sing_plur	2701
The monk responded merely by reciting prayers .	The monks responded merely by reciting prayers .	sing_plur	2702
Can 't argue with the result .	Can 't argue with the results .	sing_plur	2703
No one was convicted in any of the case .	No one was convicted in any of the cases .	sing_plur	2704
Life on the island is simple and often harsh .	Life on the islands is simple and often harsh .	sing_plur	2705
Bush told reporters U.S. and Turkish commanders will share intelligence on the rebel .	Bush told reporters U.S. and Turkish commanders will share intelligence on the rebels .	sing_plur	2706
Locked in The eye had moved .	Locked in The eyes had moved .	sing_plur	2708
Save the Child .	Save the Children .	sing_plur	2709
On both , Mr. Sarkozy clearly has the better argument .	On both , Mr. Sarkozy clearly has the better arguments .	sing_plur	2712
The party says this would release  4.5bn for the new academy .	The party says this would release  4.5bn for the new academies .	sing_plur	2713
The pupil took a grilling from the Dragon Judges after making their pitches .	The pupils took a grilling from the Dragon Judges after making their pitches .	sing_plur	2715
The team last met in the Super Bowl in 2005 .	The teams last met in the Super Bowl in 2005 .	sing_plur	2716
The Bears certainly have the coaching and the athlete .	The Bears certainly have the coaching and the athletes .	sing_plur	2720
She looked at the picture .	She looked at the pictures .	sing_plur	2721
The dissident also said about 300 monks and activists were arrested .	The dissidents also said about 300 monks and activists were arrested .	sing_plur	2723
Putin expressed hope that trade between the country would grow .	Putin expressed hope that trade between the countries would grow .	sing_plur	2724
The government denies the charge .	The government denies the charges .	sing_plur	2725
Most of these are senior party figures from Beijing and the province .	Most of these are senior party figures from Beijing and the provinces .	sing_plur	2726
Mexican newspapers reflect different political views ; sensationalism characterises the biggest-selling daily .	Mexican newspapers reflect different political views ; sensationalism characterises the biggest-selling dailies .	sing_plur	2729
The rebel could not be reached comment .	The rebels could not be reached comment .	sing_plur	2730
Richardson also tells a tale both somber and effective , the expert said .	Richardson also tells a tale both somber and effective , the experts said .	sing_plur	2732
And nowhere else can you get better offerings for the holiday .	And nowhere else can you get better offerings for the holidays .	sing_plur	2733
Carbofuran was detected in 82 per cent of the incident .	Carbofuran was detected in 82 per cent of the incidents .	sing_plur	2736
Don 't forget the man .	Don 't forget the men .	sing_plur	2737
Today they have been bolstered by the foreigner among them .	Today they have been bolstered by the foreigners among them .	sing_plur	2739
I am not saying that the music redeems the politic .	I am not saying that the music redeems the politics .	sing_plur	2741
To the creditor went the farms .	To the creditors went the farms .	sing_plur	2742
The fast-moving flame devoured tree-lined hillsides and filled the area with thick smoke .	The fast-moving flames devoured tree-lined hillsides and filled the area with thick smoke .	sing_plur	2743
After all , they write the check .	After all , they write the checks .	sing_plur	2748
Better informed child-care providers and less-fattening vending machine choices would be the mean .	Better informed child-care providers and less-fattening vending machine choices would be the means .	sing_plur	2749
Quiet reversal The doubt at the C.I.A. proved prophetic .	Quiet reversal The doubts at the C.I.A. proved prophetic .	sing_plur	2750
Then there were the mouse .	Then there were the mice .	sing_plur	2751
The US military statement announcing the death provided no more details .	The US military statement announcing the deaths provided no more details .	sing_plur	2752
After I heard the explosion , I rushed out .	After I heard the explosions , I rushed out .	sing_plur	2754
The attack in Casablanca marked a turning point .	The attacks in Casablanca marked a turning point .	sing_plur	2756
First , because we know too much about the participant .	First , because we know too much about the participants .	sing_plur	2757
There have been no arrests in any of the case .	There have been no arrests in any of the cases .	sing_plur	2758
" I feel for the folk in Atlanta , " he says .	" I feel for the folks in Atlanta , " he says .	sing_plur	2759
The council implemented the rule .	The council implemented the rules .	sing_plur	2760
Meehan said this funding does not undermine the integrity of the recommendation .	Meehan said this funding does not undermine the integrity of the recommendations .	sing_plur	2761
The new finding prompted criticism by Democrats in Congress .	The new findings prompted criticism by Democrats in Congress .	sing_plur	2763
The two wire rooms in Philadelphia then handled the bet .	The two wire rooms in Philadelphia then handled the bets .	sing_plur	2765
Go behind the scene of the photo shoot .	Go behind the scenes of the photo shoot .	sing_plur	2766
They are more unjust to us than the Saddamist .	They are more unjust to us than the Saddamists .	sing_plur	2770
Many Muslims here say Hindu extremists are behind the attack .	Many Muslims here say Hindu extremists are behind the attacks .	sing_plur	2771
" I have been reading the blog , " she said .	" I have been reading the blogs , " she said .	sing_plur	2772
The legal battle gave the telecommunications industry pause , government officials said .	The legal battles gave the telecommunications industry pause , government officials said .	sing_plur	2774
But those made-for-TV games are the exception to the rule .	But those made-for-TV games are the exceptions to the rule .	sing_plur	2775
They had already lived in the suburb and the country .	They had already lived in the suburbs and the country .	sing_plur	2777
It did not say when the new sanction would begin .	It did not say when the new sanctions would begin .	sing_plur	2778
The result will be released in October .	The results will be released in October .	sing_plur	2780
The Rocket had seven players in double figures in the victory .	The Rockets had seven players in double figures in the victory .	sing_plur	2782
He declined to identify the victim , though police said many were soldiers .	He declined to identify the victims , though police said many were soldiers .	sing_plur	2785
And now we are starting to see the consequence of that .	And now we are starting to see the consequences of that .	sing_plur	2786
The election will return the country to civilian rule .	The elections will return the country to civilian rule .	sing_plur	2787
They unreservedly withdrew the allegation and undertook not to repeat them .	They unreservedly withdrew the allegations and undertook not to repeat them .	sing_plur	2788
Then , there are the fee to consider .	Then , there are the fees to consider .	sing_plur	2789
The reaction gave Deborah pause .	The reactions gave Deborah pause .	sing_plur	2790
The last goal came four years ago in the final against Sweden .	The last goal came four years ago in the finals against Sweden .	sing_plur	2791
Look at the activity recently in Germany and Denmark .	Look at the activities recently in Germany and Denmark .	sing_plur	2792
The rabbi had no means of coercion .	The rabbis had no means of coercion .	sing_plur	2793
" These statements sometimes go beyond the rational limit , " he said .	" These statements sometimes go beyond the rational limits , " he said .	sing_plur	2794
The fund will be used to support programming for more than 15,000 kids .	The funds will be used to support programming for more than 15,000 kids .	sing_plur	2795
Cut the light .	Cut the lights .	sing_plur	2797
Canadians were drinking less and less beer , especially the traditional mass-produced brand .	Canadians were drinking less and less beer , especially the traditional mass-produced brands .	sing_plur	2798
Even under the worst circumstance , this car oozes entertainment .	Even under the worst circumstances , this car oozes entertainment .	sing_plur	2799
The doctor said they were sorry , they could not do anything else .	The doctors said they were sorry , they could not do anything else .	sing_plur	2800
Experts say the finding may help lead to better treatments .	Experts say the findings may help lead to better treatments .	sing_plur	2802
But in the playoff , Sabathia has not been able to keep up .	But in the playoffs , Sabathia has not been able to keep up .	sing_plur	2804
The event occurred three months apart last year in Jena , Louisiana .	The events occurred three months apart last year in Jena , Louisiana .	sing_plur	2805
We were asked to donate clothes to those coming in from the lifeboat .	We were asked to donate clothes to those coming in from the lifeboats .	sing_plur	2806
The fan , however , understood the vendor work ethic .	The fans , however , understood the vendor work ethic .	sing_plur	2808
He said he had never believed the child to be in danger .	He said he had never believed the children to be in danger .	sing_plur	2809
The artwork by the kid is particularly inspiring .	The artwork by the kids is particularly inspiring .	sing_plur	2816
That did not stop questioners from addressing the front-runner who did not attend .	That did not stop questioners from addressing the front-runners who did not attend .	sing_plur	2817
Nurhadi gave no indication when the execution would be carried out .	Nurhadi gave no indication when the executions would be carried out .	sing_plur	2819
The judge also said the movie could be too disturbing to the juror .	The judge also said the movie could be too disturbing to the jurors .	sing_plur	2820
So far , feed-back from the pilot secondary school has been positive .	So far , feed-back from the pilot secondary schools has been positive .	sing_plur	2821
The child appeared to be in good physical health on Saturday .	The children appeared to be in good physical health on Saturday .	sing_plur	2822
" The teacher asked me to stand up , " she sniffs .	" The teachers asked me to stand up , " she sniffs .	sing_plur	2823
The result tickled Keane .	The results tickled Keane .	sing_plur	2824
Capitalism and consumerism were at the core of the meeting .	Capitalism and consumerism were at the core of the meetings .	sing_plur	2827
The researcher looked at three different scenarios .	The researchers looked at three different scenarios .	sing_plur	2828
An election would silence most of the rebel Tory voice .	An election would silence most of the rebel Tory voices .	sing_plur	2829
The mine can run deep and often use out-of-date equipment .	The mines can run deep and often use out-of-date equipment .	sing_plur	2834
The arbitrator voted 2-1 again him .	The arbitrators voted 2-1 again him .	sing_plur	2835
The Redskins drove for a chance to tie in the final minute .	The Redskins drove for a chance to tie in the final minutes .	sing_plur	2837
A full investigation has been launched into the circumstance of the crash .	A full investigation has been launched into the circumstances of the crash .	sing_plur	2838
Murder-suicide and suicide pact are among the theory being considered .	Murder-suicide and suicide pact are among the theories being considered .	sing_plur	2839
This assertiveness matches the spirited pose .	This assertiveness matches the spirited poses .	sing_plur	2840
The 49er won 21-8 .	The 49ers won 21-8 .	sing_plur	2841
These results support the safety of the device .	These results support the safety of the devices .	sing_plur	2842
The girl involved just do not have that choice .	The girls involved just do not have that choice .	sing_plur	2846
Current condition stable , but apt to deteriorate in the year ahead .	Current condition stable , but apt to deteriorate in the years ahead .	sing_plur	2847
The statement did not make clear when the arrest took place .	The statement did not make clear when the arrests took place .	sing_plur	2849
The side of the bubbling steam dryer are caked with it .	The sides of the bubbling steam dryer are caked with it .	sing_plur	2850
Most of the seminars are in the humanity .	Most of the seminars are in the humanities .	sing_plur	2856
Payment for the share accepted for purchase will occur promptly thereafter .	Payment for the shares accepted for purchase will occur promptly thereafter .	sing_plur	2857
The joint is necessary for turning the solar wing toward the sun .	The joint is necessary for turning the solar wings toward the sun .	sing_plur	2858
Several people were injured as the neo-Nazis hurled stones at the anti-fascist .	Several people were injured as the neo-Nazis hurled stones at the anti-fascists .	sing_plur	2860
By Tuesday afternoon the sky had cleared and winds diminished .	By Tuesday afternoon the skies had cleared and winds diminished .	sing_plur	2863
These efforts may help at the margin .	These efforts may help at the margins .	sing_plur	2864
Copies of the report can be ordered by going to www.bakerhill.com / benchmark .	Copies of the reports can be ordered by going to www.bakerhill.com / benchmark .	sing_plur	2865
The officer laughed .	The officers laughed .	sing_plur	2866
They write stuff in the paper .	They write stuff in the papers .	sing_plur	2867
But first , the Cavalier needed a message .	But first , the Cavaliers needed a message .	sing_plur	2868
That is why the automaker lobbied so fiercely against it .	That is why the automakers lobbied so fiercely against it .	sing_plur	2869
But I did not let breakfast keep me from exploring the nearby sight .	But I did not let breakfast keep me from exploring the nearby sights .	sing_plur	2870
The rest of the van remaining sedans are owned by franchisees .	The rest of the vans remaining sedans are owned by franchisees .	sing_plur	2871
She denies the charge .	She denies the charges .	sing_plur	2872
That gives a bad example to the kid .	That gives a bad example to the kids .	sing_plur	2873
Lubomir Visnovsky and Alexander Frolov got the assist .	Lubomir Visnovsky and Alexander Frolov got the assists .	sing_plur	2874
' " He never elaborated on the immoral act .	' " He never elaborated on the immoral acts .	sing_plur	2877
The loser faced long Thanksgiving dinners chewing on bone-dry what-ifs .	The losers faced long Thanksgiving dinners chewing on bone-dry what-ifs .	sing_plur	2879
The judge , including Chief Justice Chaudhry , were believed to be inside .	The judges , including Chief Justice Chaudhry , were believed to be inside .	sing_plur	2881
" My concern here is the weapon , " Bonaventure said .	" My concern here is the weapons , " Bonaventure said .	sing_plur	2883
It reminds you of the record you grew up with .	It reminds you of the records you grew up with .	sing_plur	2884
There is little doubt the textile and agro-export industries will benefit .	There is little doubt the textiles and agro-export industries will benefit .	sing_plur	2885
Not even the return of Randolph and Renaldo Balkman helped the Knicks .	Not even the returns of Randolph and Renaldo Balkman helped the Knicks .	sing_plur	2886
Ms. Goodson said the officer called for backup before being shot .	Ms. Goodson said the officers called for backup before being shot .	sing_plur	2887
You cannot blame the club for that .	You cannot blame the clubs for that .	sing_plur	2890
It has character and touched the heart of many who appreciated it .	It has character and touched the hearts of many who appreciated it .	sing_plur	2891
Halliburton denies the allegation .	Halliburton denies the allegations .	sing_plur	2892
Yale proposed dividing possession of the artifact .	Yale proposed dividing possession of the artifacts .	sing_plur	2893
The consequence went beyond the Iversens .	The consequences went beyond the Iversens .	sing_plur	2894
The impact on the rich college would be minimal .	The impact on the rich colleges would be minimal .	sing_plur	2895
All three banks agree on the concept but differ on the detail .	All three banks agree on the concept but differ on the details .	sing_plur	2899
Homeowners whose loan rates are soaring may want to head for the exit .	Homeowners whose loan rates are soaring may want to head for the exits .	sing_plur	2900
The Chippewa proved they belonged on the same field .	The Chippewas proved they belonged on the same field .	sing_plur	2901
The rioter uprooted one section of the track leading to India .	The rioters uprooted one section of the track leading to India .	sing_plur	2902
Baucus said the negotiation would resume next week .	Baucus said the negotiations would resume next week .	sing_plur	2904
The official declined to say what procedures had not been followed .	The officials declined to say what procedures had not been followed .	sing_plur	2905
The producer had made various proposals to loosen this requirement .	The producers had made various proposals to loosen this requirement .	sing_plur	2906
Circumcision is even before the court .	Circumcision is even before the courts .	sing_plur	2908
Her husband broke his leg as he swam through the wave .	Her husband broke his leg as he swam through the waves .	sing_plur	2909
Iran has denied the accusation .	Iran has denied the accusations .	sing_plur	2910
The union saw the e-mails as a broadside against the labor movement .	The unions saw the e-mails as a broadside against the labor movement .	sing_plur	2912
We cannot afford to do the extra .	We cannot afford to do the extras .	sing_plur	2914
According to the expert , empty-nest syndrome lasts around six months .	According to the experts , empty-nest syndrome lasts around six months .	sing_plur	2916
He also no longer tried to conceal the body .	He also no longer tried to conceal the bodies .	sing_plur	2917
The option for exploring are numerous , the guides explain in the evening .	The options for exploring are numerous , the guides explain in the evening .	sing_plur	2918
We are going to the Euro instead of you .	We are going to the Euros instead of you .	sing_plur	2920
He will keep the Colt alive during this tough time .	He will keep the Colts alive during this tough time .	sing_plur	2921
If you must brave the crowd , be prepared .	If you must brave the crowds , be prepared .	sing_plur	2922
When campaign expenses come due , she writes the check .	When campaign expenses come due , she writes the checks .	sing_plur	2923
The diplomat spoke on condition of anonymity , citing protocol .	The diplomats spoke on condition of anonymity , citing protocol .	sing_plur	2926
The Net won the season-series 2-1 .	The Nets won the season-series 2-1 .	sing_plur	2927
We had to be there for the kid .	We had to be there for the kids .	sing_plur	2929
Now some workers are suffering the consequence .	Now some workers are suffering the consequences .	sing_plur	2930
The items were discovered during a recent routine check of the cell .	The items were discovered during a recent routine check of the cells .	sing_plur	2932
It was in 1972 that Parkin became agricultural story editor of The Archer .	It was in 1972 that Parkin became agricultural story editor of The Archers .	sing_plur	2934
But neither , it seems , are the Liberal .	But neither , it seems , are the Liberals .	sing_plur	2935
They are not ready to concede any ground to the skeptic .	They are not ready to concede any ground to the skeptics .	sing_plur	2938
At the time , Craig called the charge scurrilous .	At the time , Craig called the charges scurrilous .	sing_plur	2941
There are only a few expressions of sympathy with the hostage .	There are only a few expressions of sympathy with the hostages .	sing_plur	2942
But , hey , those scenarios are for the scriptwriter .	But , hey , those scenarios are for the scriptwriters .	sing_plur	2943
We have not seen the big one yet .	We have not seen the big ones yet .	sing_plur	2944
The pirate had taken over the ships in mid-May .	The pirates had taken over the ships in mid-May .	sing_plur	2945
" We had solved most of the problem , " he said .	" We had solved most of the problems , " he said .	sing_plur	2946
The host won the first Test by a record 358 runs in Johannesburg .	The hosts won the first Test by a record 358 runs in Johannesburg .	sing_plur	2948
" They were the first real professional , " Mr. Ellis said .	" They were the first real professionals , " Mr. Ellis said .	sing_plur	2950
Each of the winner is to receive $ 430,000 .	Each of the winners is to receive $ 430,000 .	sing_plur	2952
There is symbolism in the shop , too .	There is symbolism in the shops , too .	sing_plur	2953
-- will be shut down , the company said .	-- will be shut down , the companies said .	sing_plur	2954
Flowers now are dormant in the garden across Virginia .	Flowers now are dormant in the gardens across Virginia .	sing_plur	2956
The detail would work themselves out .	The details would work themselves out .	sing_plur	2957
Police were called after the alarm went off at the premise .	Police were called after the alarm went off at the premises .	sing_plur	2958
He said the bank needed to do more work in the Arab state .	He said the bank needed to do more work in the Arab states .	sing_plur	2959
The factory paid fines of $ 97 million , Tian said .	The factories paid fines of $ 97 million , Tian said .	sing_plur	2961
" The monk will have a very hard time , " he said .	" The monks will have a very hard time , " he said .	sing_plur	2963
We had to replace the old one every two years .	We had to replace the old ones every two years .	sing_plur	2965
Other governments have expressed interest in the machine .	Other governments have expressed interest in the machines .	sing_plur	2966
Corpas leads all closers in the playoff with five saves .	Corpas leads all closers in the playoffs with five saves .	sing_plur	2968
Experts said the price estimates exceeded the perceived value of the work .	Experts said the price estimates exceeded the perceived value of the works .	sing_plur	2969
Consequently , the rule had to be reviewed again .	Consequently , the rules had to be reviewed again .	sing_plur	2972
Add the sweet potato and cook until tender , about 15 minutes .	Add the sweet potatoes and cook until tender , about 15 minutes .	sing_plur	2973
The doubt came flooding in like a summer downpour .	The doubts came flooding in like a summer downpour .	sing_plur	2975
You want psychologists to watch the tape .	You want psychologists to watch the tapes .	sing_plur	2977
We discussed the risk .	We discussed the risks .	sing_plur	2984
It also blamed the group for past bombings .	It also blamed the groups for past bombings .	sing_plur	2987
Ofcom said BRMB broke the rule .	Ofcom said BRMB broke the rules .	sing_plur	2988
But it is not just the bank .	But it is not just the banks .	sing_plur	2993
At least 10.5 million people have been displaced or marooned by the flood .	At least 10.5 million people have been displaced or marooned by the floods .	sing_plur	2994
Television images showed homes nestled in the hill engulfed by flames .	Television images showed homes nestled in the hills engulfed by flames .	sing_plur	2995
The author said further research is needed .	The authors said further research is needed .	sing_plur	2997
Such are the extreme of the postseason .	Such are the extremes of the postseason .	sing_plur	2998
Gonzales told Congress that President Bush , not he , denied the clearance .	Gonzales told Congress that President Bush , not he , denied the clearances .	sing_plur	2999
Starting Sunday evening , residents reported smelling gas from the pipeline .	Starting Sunday evening , residents reported smelling gas from the pipelines .	sing_plur	3000
The student can be crazy .	The students can be crazy .	sing_plur	3002
The protester dispersed after Ahmadinejad left the campus .	The protesters dispersed after Ahmadinejad left the campus .	sing_plur	3004
Reid appears to have censored the content .	Reid appears to have censored the contents .	sing_plur	3005
They said the reduction would be complete by the end of October .	They said the reductions would be complete by the end of October .	sing_plur	3006
Suzuki leads the major with 65 multihit games .	Suzuki leads the majors with 65 multihit games .	sing_plur	3007
It comments that Arthur McElhill is considered a suspect for the murder .	It comments that Arthur McElhill is considered a suspect for the murders .	sing_plur	3008
Stuart Love and Jamie Birrell scored the goal .	Stuart Love and Jamie Birrell scored the goals .	sing_plur	3009
The rescuer saved 52 miners , the report said .	The rescuers saved 52 miners , the report said .	sing_plur	3010
" This is not going to intimidate the sheik , " he said .	" This is not going to intimidate the sheiks , " he said .	sing_plur	3011
And you will not find any food carts clogging the street .	And you will not find any food carts clogging the streets .	sing_plur	3013
Most of the square is peopled by the force of law .	Most of the square is peopled by the forces of law .	sing_plur	3016
Such statements reflect the current view of Shandong Zhouyuan Seed and Nursery Co .	Such statements reflect the current views of Shandong Zhouyuan Seed and Nursery Co .	sing_plur	3017
Mr Sarkozy has vowed to press on with the reform .	Mr Sarkozy has vowed to press on with the reforms .	sing_plur	3019
The bracelet cost $ 6 each plus $ 2.53 for shipping .	The bracelets cost $ 6 each plus $ 2.53 for shipping .	sing_plur	3023
We are the one harmed most by insecurity in Iraq .	We are the ones harmed most by insecurity in Iraq .	sing_plur	3024
They 'd just like the fuel-efficient hybrid to make some noise .	They 'd just like the fuel-efficient hybrids to make some noise .	sing_plur	3026
But he took a tough public line on the reluctant rebel .	But he took a tough public line on the reluctant rebels .	sing_plur	3027
Old-fashioned dealmaking would have the combatant split their differences .	Old-fashioned dealmaking would have the combatants split their differences .	sing_plur	3028
I love the authenticity of the true Mississippian .	I love the authenticity of the true Mississippians .	sing_plur	3030
They are very analytical ; it is all about the fact .	They are very analytical ; it is all about the facts .	sing_plur	3031
He battled in the court .	He battled in the courts .	sing_plur	3033
Cold products for children 2 and older remain on the shelf .	Cold products for children 2 and older remain on the shelves .	sing_plur	3034
Dozens of police in riot gear followed the protester but did not intervene .	Dozens of police in riot gear followed the protesters but did not intervene .	sing_plur	3035
Lawyers and the medium should fulfil their obligations .	Lawyers and the media should fulfil their obligations .	sing_plur	3036
The Fightin ' Phils are going to the playoff .	The Fightin ' Phils are going to the playoffs .	sing_plur	3037
Those who are staying are trying to limit the risk .	Those who are staying are trying to limit the risks .	sing_plur	3038
But that is not necessarily the point of the meeting .	But that is not necessarily the point of the meetings .	sing_plur	3039
Apparently , the coach listened .	Apparently , the coaches listened .	sing_plur	3040
But some of the grievance expressed were real .	But some of the grievances expressed were real .	sing_plur	3041
An exterminator spackled some holes in the wall .	An exterminator spackled some holes in the walls .	sing_plur	3042
The odd of purchasing a winning ticket were one in 176 million .	The odds of purchasing a winning ticket were one in 176 million .	sing_plur	3043
The rocket caused no injuries .	The rockets caused no injuries .	sing_plur	3045
A few months later , the result came back .	A few months later , the results came back .	sing_plur	3046
Marbury declined to address the circumstance of his departure .	Marbury declined to address the circumstances of his departure .	sing_plur	3048
He will not lose the ring .	He will not lose the rings .	sing_plur	3049
The cause was under investigation , the official said .	The cause was under investigation , the officials said .	sing_plur	3050
Dhoni however was keen to temper the celebration .	Dhoni however was keen to temper the celebrations .	sing_plur	3051
The plot is formulaic and regularly discussed with the reader as such .	The plot is formulaic and regularly discussed with the readers as such .	sing_plur	3052
Therefore , additional studies are needed , the author concluded .	Therefore , additional studies are needed , the authors concluded .	sing_plur	3053
He was trying to hide the drug under cupboards .	He was trying to hide the drugs under cupboards .	sing_plur	3055
He said new glass technology made the roof possible .	He said new glass technology made the roofs possible .	sing_plur	3056
The umpire conferred and stood by the original call .	The umpires conferred and stood by the original call .	sing_plur	3059
This left the elevator slightly off center .	This left the elevators slightly off center .	sing_plur	3060
The consequence of a large-scale raid would be severe .	The consequences of a large-scale raid would be severe .	sing_plur	3062
Police have not revealed how the killing took place .	Police have not revealed how the killings took place .	sing_plur	3063
RISD is all over the wall , too .	RISD is all over the walls , too .	sing_plur	3064
The justice allowed one execution to proceed and granted stays in two others .	The justices allowed one execution to proceed and granted stays in two others .	sing_plur	3067
Saban even got to unleash the sub in the third quarter .	Saban even got to unleash the subs in the third quarter .	sing_plur	3069
Minutes later he was onstage cavorting with the elfin resident of Whoville .	Minutes later he was onstage cavorting with the elfin residents of Whoville .	sing_plur	3070
We are also making progress in the work on Av .	We are also making progress in the works on Av .	sing_plur	3071
Researchers are currently compiling the geological case for the submission .	Researchers are currently compiling the geological case for the submissions .	sing_plur	3074
Two of the suite can be joined to provide double beds .	Two of the suites can be joined to provide double beds .	sing_plur	3076
The case could be filed again in state court , however .	The cases could be filed again in state court , however .	sing_plur	3077
A seven-person management committee is being charged with implementing the plan .	A seven-person management committee is being charged with implementing the plans .	sing_plur	3078
The circumstance leading up the 9 a.m. shooting were unclear .	The circumstances leading up the 9 a.m. shooting were unclear .	sing_plur	3081
The theory surrounding the cause of yawning are abundant .	The theories surrounding the cause of yawning are abundant .	sing_plur	3084
The rule will apply for two years .	The rules will apply for two years .	sing_plur	3086
He said the British national had suffered the most serious injuries .	He said the British nationals had suffered the most serious injuries .	sing_plur	3088
The cub we had seen online were from the previous summer .	The cubs we had seen online were from the previous summer .	sing_plur	3090
Jonny Wilkinson , hero of 2003 , is spanning the year .	Jonny Wilkinson , hero of 2003 , is spanning the years .	sing_plur	3091
The company had to jump over several hurdles to complete the deal .	The companies had to jump over several hurdles to complete the deal .	sing_plur	3092
We thought we did take the write-down at the time .	We thought we did take the write-downs at the time .	sing_plur	3093
They say Hill had no history of neglecting the girl .	They say Hill had no history of neglecting the girls .	sing_plur	3094
The question released yesterday will remain public along with their answers .	The questions released yesterday will remain public along with their answers .	sing_plur	3095
" I feel like I let the guy down , " Tomko said .	" I feel like I let the guys down , " Tomko said .	sing_plur	3096
Those groups are among the toughest critic of the Mormon faith .	Those groups are among the toughest critics of the Mormon faith .	sing_plur	3099
In many cases the same victims are targeted repeatedly by the scammer .	In many cases the same victims are targeted repeatedly by the scammers .	sing_plur	3100
Then there are the injury .	Then there are the injuries .	sing_plur	3102
ANOTHER LESSON : Let the pros teach the kid .	ANOTHER LESSON : Let the pros teach the kids .	sing_plur	3103
But I do not want to minimize the significance of the administrative action .	But I do not want to minimize the significance of the administrative actions .	sing_plur	3104
The UAW and Chrysler declined to comment on the talk .	The UAW and Chrysler declined to comment on the talks .	sing_plur	3105
It is getting back to the fundamental .	It is getting back to the fundamentals .	sing_plur	3106
Lo said he threw the body in a nearby river .	Lo said he threw the bodies in a nearby river .	sing_plur	3107
That we trust the army and trust the institution there .	That we trust the army and trust the institutions there .	sing_plur	3108
Franklin Gutierrez walked to load the base .	Franklin Gutierrez walked to load the bases .	sing_plur	3109
He blamed the death on the government 's border enforcement strategy .	He blamed the deaths on the government 's border enforcement strategy .	sing_plur	3111
There are eight police authorities and only 116 officers are from the minority .	There are eight police authorities and only 116 officers are from the minorities .	sing_plur	3114
You want to stay connected because of the grandchild .	You want to stay connected because of the grandchildren .	sing_plur	3115
We also celebrate my enlightenment about the fact of my life .	We also celebrate my enlightenment about the facts of my life .	sing_plur	3116
He rejoined the Yankee as a free agent in the offseason .	He rejoined the Yankees as a free agent in the offseason .	sing_plur	3117
Students said teachers knew about the threat but did nothing .	Students said teachers knew about the threats but did nothing .	sing_plur	3118
Authorities did not provide ages or hometowns for any of the man .	Authorities did not provide ages or hometowns for any of the men .	sing_plur	3120
It seems , though , he also admires the spirit of the pioneer .	It seems , though , he also admires the spirit of the pioneers .	sing_plur	3121
Finding such stars was what the studio did .	Finding such stars was what the studios did .	sing_plur	3122
After several hours , the protester dispersed peacefully .	After several hours , the protesters dispersed peacefully .	sing_plur	3125
But the best seat will go for 12,000 rubles ( $ 481 ) .	But the best seats will go for 12,000 rubles ( $ 481 ) .	sing_plur	3126
He placed the empty bottle back on the shelf .	He placed the empty bottles back on the shelf .	sing_plur	3127
" Rhinestone suits are just beautiful under the light , " he said .	" Rhinestone suits are just beautiful under the lights , " he said .	sing_plur	3128
Prosecutors may later seek to indict the suspect and put them on trial .	Prosecutors may later seek to indict the suspects and put them on trial .	sing_plur	3130
Hotz said the company had not been in touch with him .	Hotz said the companies had not been in touch with him .	sing_plur	3131
Attorneys intend to interview prospective jurors Monday behind the closed door .	Attorneys intend to interview prospective jurors Monday behind the closed doors .	sing_plur	3134
The anecdote and observations and explanations never stop .	The anecdotes and observations and explanations never stop .	sing_plur	3135
But we will use that to motivate the player .	But we will use that to motivate the players .	sing_plur	3136
Don 't even get her started on the doctor , she said .	Don 't even get her started on the doctors , she said .	sing_plur	3137
Donkeys wander the sandy path .	Donkeys wander the sandy paths .	sing_plur	3138
He told the staff to give one more shot of the paddle .	He told the staff to give one more shot of the paddles .	sing_plur	3140
Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money .	Please read the prospectuses carefully before investing or sending money .	sing_plur	3141
Astronomers look at the star .	Astronomers look at the stars .	sing_plur	3145
He said he had been in contact with several of the other negotiator .	He said he had been in contact with several of the other negotiators .	sing_plur	3146
But Carlson was blunt about the result .	But Carlson was blunt about the results .	sing_plur	3147
To calm her screams , the rescuer carried her to Marquis ' airboat .	To calm her screams , the rescuers carried her to Marquis ' airboat .	sing_plur	3148
Abbas and his three advisers listened silently to the explanation .	Abbas and his three advisers listened silently to the explanations .	sing_plur	3151
The decision could grant the soldier honorable discharges , back pay and benefits .	The decision could grant the soldiers honorable discharges , back pay and benefits .	sing_plur	3152
But the press release from Radiohead 's representatives disputed the figure .	But the press release from Radiohead 's representatives disputed the figures .	sing_plur	3153
We have adjusted our organization to the reality of the marketplace .	We have adjusted our organization to the realities of the marketplace .	sing_plur	3154
Four policemen were wounded , and the gunman escaped , al-Jubouri said .	Four policemen were wounded , and the gunmen escaped , al-Jubouri said .	sing_plur	3155
But Williams said his club has ample depth in the minor .	But Williams said his club has ample depth in the minors .	sing_plur	3156
The researchers report the finding in the medical journal Epidemiology .	The researchers report the findings in the medical journal Epidemiology .	sing_plur	3157
The question continued coming , why and how and when .	The questions continued coming , why and how and when .	sing_plur	3158
Dancers shadowed the principal singer .	Dancers shadowed the principal singers .	sing_plur	3159
That has not escaped the attention of the Democratic presidential candidate .	That has not escaped the attention of the Democratic presidential candidates .	sing_plur	3160
Some Syrian film-makers do push the boundary , however .	Some Syrian film-makers do push the boundaries , however .	sing_plur	3161
containers as they travel the highway .	containers as they travel the highways .	sing_plur	3162
The ebullient master cellist who fought for the right of Soviet-era dissidents .	The ebullient master cellist who fought for the rights of Soviet-era dissidents .	sing_plur	3163
That would moderate the effect of updrafts .	That would moderate the effects of updrafts .	sing_plur	3167
Fogg is 6-1 against the Diamondback .	Fogg is 6-1 against the Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	3170
Slalom the cone .	Slalom the cones .	sing_plur	3171
Bush also asked the Asia-Pacific leader for their cooperation on climate change .	Bush also asked the Asia-Pacific leaders for their cooperation on climate change .	sing_plur	3172
Even before the charge , Carona 's star had faded in recent years .	Even before the charges , Carona 's star had faded in recent years .	sing_plur	3173
The fires are dominating political debate before the election .	The fires are dominating political debate before the elections .	sing_plur	3174
In the end , the strongest knee may win .	In the end , the strongest knees may win .	sing_plur	3175
The team take Saturday off .	The teams take Saturday off .	sing_plur	3176
Laura and I care a lot about the library .	Laura and I care a lot about the libraries .	sing_plur	3178
Watching the video is free and for the joy of information only .	Watching the videos is free and for the joy of information only .	sing_plur	3179
The assault on the sister helped lead to Goudeau 's arrest last summer .	The assault on the sisters helped lead to Goudeau 's arrest last summer .	sing_plur	3180
Most of the consultant would not comment or did not respond to messages .	Most of the consultants would not comment or did not respond to messages .	sing_plur	3182
The winner will be announced Oct. 5 .	The winners will be announced Oct. 5 .	sing_plur	3183
But someone forgot to tell the folk in Salt Lake City .	But someone forgot to tell the folks in Salt Lake City .	sing_plur	3185
He was helping me flip the sausage .	He was helping me flip the sausages .	sing_plur	3187
She praised the student who reported the alleged abuse .	She praised the students who reported the alleged abuse .	sing_plur	3189
The Flyer entered having allowed one power-play goal in six games .	The Flyers entered having allowed one power-play goal in six games .	sing_plur	3190
The man died three weeks apart in 2005 .	The men died three weeks apart in 2005 .	sing_plur	3192
The Hokie finished the game with 33 rushing yards .	The Hokies finished the game with 33 rushing yards .	sing_plur	3193
Criminal intelligence analysts are examining police reports to identify similarities in the call .	Criminal intelligence analysts are examining police reports to identify similarities in the calls .	sing_plur	3194
Earley said the screen would stay on .	Earley said the screens would stay on .	sing_plur	3196
Those would be reasonable independent voices commenting on the proceeding .	Those would be reasonable independent voices commenting on the proceedings .	sing_plur	3197
We must support the man and women of our military .	We must support the men and women of our military .	sing_plur	3198
The symptom of anaphylactic shock affect the respiratory and circulatory system .	The symptoms of anaphylactic shock affect the respiratory and circulatory system .	sing_plur	3200
And the Italian veteran Fabio Capello is also among the favorite .	And the Italian veteran Fabio Capello is also among the favorites .	sing_plur	3201
The soldier departed , but with threats of returning in larger numbers .	The soldiers departed , but with threats of returning in larger numbers .	sing_plur	3203
So are the program .	So are the programs .	sing_plur	3205
In response , payday lenders concentrate around military bases , the researcher found .	In response , payday lenders concentrate around military bases , the researchers found .	sing_plur	3207
A Taliban spokesman said the militant group was responsible for the killing .	A Taliban spokesman said the militant group was responsible for the killings .	sing_plur	3208
Both governments have categorically denied the allegation .	Both governments have categorically denied the allegations .	sing_plur	3209
There is also a bit of borrowing going on between the franchise .	There is also a bit of borrowing going on between the franchises .	sing_plur	3210
The benefit will not just come via the faster interface .	The benefits will not just come via the faster interface .	sing_plur	3211
Teachers began devoting extra hours to the mass suicide .	Teachers began devoting extra hours to the mass suicides .	sing_plur	3212
The team has advanced only once past the first round of the playoff .	The team has advanced only once past the first round of the playoffs .	sing_plur	3213
The rest of the time the Jet looked helpless .	The rest of the time the Jets looked helpless .	sing_plur	3215
She often tells audience she has the scar to show for that effort .	She often tells audience she has the scars to show for that effort .	sing_plur	3216
We went to the botanical garden , the movies .	We went to the botanical gardens , the movies .	sing_plur	3217
Some stars came out to support the writer .	Some stars came out to support the writers .	sing_plur	3218
They then compared the harvestmen evolution to the movement of the continents .	They then compared the harvestmen evolution to the movements of the continents .	sing_plur	3219
At the top level it is polished , with high stakes .	At the top levels it is polished , with high stakes .	sing_plur	3220
OilWatchdog and FTCR are not participants in the lawsuit .	OilWatchdog and FTCR are not participants in the lawsuits .	sing_plur	3221
" " It is up to the club to get a bid accepted .	" " It is up to the clubs to get a bid accepted .	sing_plur	3222
We did not take the cue to evolve the show .	We did not take the cues to evolve the show .	sing_plur	3223
We have been through this type of event innumerable times over the century .	We have been through this type of event innumerable times over the centuries .	sing_plur	3224
Selectivity is a factor in the ranking .	Selectivity is a factor in the rankings .	sing_plur	3225
The cut will affect less than 2 percent of the company 's staff .	The cuts will affect less than 2 percent of the company 's staff .	sing_plur	3226
Wade did not release the identity of the victims .	Wade did not release the identities of the victims .	sing_plur	3227
The prospect of a pipeline that bypasses Russia are unclear .	The prospects of a pipeline that bypasses Russia are unclear .	sing_plur	3231
We just have to recruit the right kid .	We just have to recruit the right kids .	sing_plur	3232
And he just had the coolest damn toy !	And he just had the coolest damn toys !	sing_plur	3233
This brings us back to the raw politic .	This brings us back to the raw politics .	sing_plur	3234
We already have a lot of members working in the former Soviet republic .	We already have a lot of members working in the former Soviet republics .	sing_plur	3235
At least 1,800 homes and other buildings have been destroyed by the flame .	At least 1,800 homes and other buildings have been destroyed by the flames .	sing_plur	3236
The woman was not operating trains on the day of the shooting .	The woman was not operating trains on the days of the shooting .	sing_plur	3237
You want the name and addresses of all owners .	You want the names and addresses of all owners .	sing_plur	3238
The style of the starting pitchers could hardly have been more different .	The styles of the starting pitchers could hardly have been more different .	sing_plur	3241
The member would help deliver basic services or make repairs locally .	The members would help deliver basic services or make repairs locally .	sing_plur	3245
At peak season , his yard is full of the bird .	At peak season , his yard is full of the birds .	sing_plur	3247
A 17-year-old male received a minor stab wound to the buttock .	A 17-year-old male received a minor stab wound to the buttocks .	sing_plur	3248
The government will only chase after those elements who committed the crime .	The government will only chase after those elements who committed the crimes .	sing_plur	3249
It is amazing , the accusation .	It is amazing , the accusations .	sing_plur	3251
She was clever in the way she mishandled the finance .	She was clever in the way she mishandled the finances .	sing_plur	3252
Guards were nearby during the interview but did not intervene .	Guards were nearby during the interviews but did not intervene .	sing_plur	3253
The civilian died when mortar rounds crashed into their houses .	The civilians died when mortar rounds crashed into their houses .	sing_plur	3255
Two of the insurgent prisoner died as well .	Two of the insurgent prisoners died as well .	sing_plur	3256
The award will be presented Feb. 24 at the Kodak Theatre .	The awards will be presented Feb. 24 at the Kodak Theatre .	sing_plur	3257
To the studio the idea of equitable payment for writers always seems new .	To the studios the idea of equitable payment for writers always seems new .	sing_plur	3258
I have sympathy for those suffering at the hand of unscrupulous retailers .	I have sympathy for those suffering at the hands of unscrupulous retailers .	sing_plur	3259
Including the playoff , Favre has started 250 career games .	Including the playoffs , Favre has started 250 career games .	sing_plur	3260
She just did not do the move .	She just did not do the moves .	sing_plur	3261
But this one was more about Yao and Yi then the team involved .	But this one was more about Yao and Yi then the teams involved .	sing_plur	3262
However , the number released Tuesday represent economic conditions from a year ago .	However , the numbers released Tuesday represent economic conditions from a year ago .	sing_plur	3264
It is the way things filter through the hand of the artist .	It is the way things filter through the hands of the artist .	sing_plur	3265
It is up to the kid to learn from it .	It is up to the kids to learn from it .	sing_plur	3268
By nightfall , the flame had run completely through the subdivision .	By nightfall , the flames had run completely through the subdivision .	sing_plur	3269
This Congress pays for the priority of the American people .	This Congress pays for the priorities of the American people .	sing_plur	3271
Now , the chance of Buffalo finishing with nine wins seems near impossible .	Now , the chances of Buffalo finishing with nine wins seems near impossible .	sing_plur	3273
It sold 7 million pink cans at the store .	It sold 7 million pink cans at the stores .	sing_plur	3276
This will take 50 lorries off the road each week .	This will take 50 lorries off the roads each week .	sing_plur	3277
He said most troopers applied the rule mainly to commercial vehicles .	He said most troopers applied the rules mainly to commercial vehicles .	sing_plur	3279
The road may be safer than ever , but mind the bridges .	The roads may be safer than ever , but mind the bridges .	sing_plur	3280
Medicaid covered most of the bill .	Medicaid covered most of the bills .	sing_plur	3281
Prepare the shear .	Prepare the shears .	sing_plur	3283
Please note that using the ski lift is cheating .	Please note that using the ski lifts is cheating .	sing_plur	3284
These are the word of a wise man way ahead of his time .	These are the words of a wise man way ahead of his time .	sing_plur	3286
For several days , the march met no government resistance .	For several days , the marches met no government resistance .	sing_plur	3287
He was called to reconcile the race .	He was called to reconcile the races .	sing_plur	3288
He did not say whether the new campaign would mention Miller .	He did not say whether the new campaigns would mention Miller .	sing_plur	3291
He blames all his ailments on the meth raid .	He blames all his ailments on the meth raids .	sing_plur	3292
The concern is not only for the child of immigrants .	The concern is not only for the children of immigrants .	sing_plur	3295
It is not good enough by the assistant coach .	It is not good enough by the assistant coaches .	sing_plur	3296
It was unclear why Egyptian officials waited until now to make the allegation .	It was unclear why Egyptian officials waited until now to make the allegations .	sing_plur	3297
Mobs swarm below the helicopter every time one is spotted .	Mobs swarm below the helicopters every time one is spotted .	sing_plur	3298
First , I would want to check the number .	First , I would want to check the numbers .	sing_plur	3299
It will counter the destructive ambition of Iran .	It will counter the destructive ambitions of Iran .	sing_plur	3301
Customers and employees talked together about the shooting .	Customers and employees talked together about the shootings .	sing_plur	3302
Superior Court Judge Joseph Lodge upheld the charge at a pre-trial hearing .	Superior Court Judge Joseph Lodge upheld the charges at a pre-trial hearing .	sing_plur	3303
" " We are actually fighting not be the wooden spooner .	" " We are actually fighting not be the wooden spooners .	sing_plur	3304
FARC has held the hostage for years .	FARC has held the hostages for years .	sing_plur	3305
The presentation will be webcast .	The presentations will be webcast .	sing_plur	3306
They did not propose any new limits on use of the drug .	They did not propose any new limits on use of the drugs .	sing_plur	3307
Police defused the explosive in both vehicles .	Police defused the explosives in both vehicles .	sing_plur	3308
These efforts improve the life of millions of people around the world .	These efforts improve the lives of millions of people around the world .	sing_plur	3309
Guards were nearby during the interview , but did not intervene .	Guards were nearby during the interviews , but did not intervene .	sing_plur	3310
Mr. DiNapoli approved the new rule in July .	Mr. DiNapoli approved the new rules in July .	sing_plur	3311
But nowadays we are standing apart for the wrong thing .	But nowadays we are standing apart for the wrong things .	sing_plur	3312
Some people have urged that the bear be fed .	Some people have urged that the bears be fed .	sing_plur	3314
It had been in the file for 11 years .	It had been in the files for 11 years .	sing_plur	3315
The Dodgers might be the smallest-minded big-market team in the major .	The Dodgers might be the smallest-minded big-market team in the majors .	sing_plur	3316
The condominium will range from about 700 to 1,100 square feet .	The condominiums will range from about 700 to 1,100 square feet .	sing_plur	3318
Satterfield said the official testifying were not covering for al-Maliki .	Satterfield said the officials testifying were not covering for al-Maliki .	sing_plur	3319
The militant beheaded one soldier in August .	The militants beheaded one soldier in August .	sing_plur	3321
He did not identify any of the Iranian .	He did not identify any of the Iranians .	sing_plur	3322
The company formally broke ground September 6th in a ceremony on the property .	The companies formally broke ground September 6th in a ceremony on the property .	sing_plur	3324
Notes : @ The team will play again in Philadelphia on Saturday night .	Notes : @ The teams will play again in Philadelphia on Saturday night .	sing_plur	3325
The court said two panels rejected the appeal .	The court said two panels rejected the appeals .	sing_plur	3326
Explain the process and the result .	Explain the process and the results .	sing_plur	3327
We could not get the seat belts loose from the kid .	We could not get the seat belts loose from the kids .	sing_plur	3328
Punjabi / Urdu domination of national politics is resented in the other region .	Punjabi / Urdu domination of national politics is resented in the other regions .	sing_plur	3330
Typhoon winds could force a brief closing of the Olympic venue .	Typhoon winds could force a brief closing of the Olympic venues .	sing_plur	3333
Under the 1948 Home Rule Act the island became self-governing .	Under the 1948 Home Rule Act the islands became self-governing .	sing_plur	3334
My brother does take care of the emergency .	My brother does take care of the emergencies .	sing_plur	3336
But the bank had an answer to that .	But the banks had an answer to that .	sing_plur	3337
Some find Internet fame when popular blogs link to the ad .	Some find Internet fame when popular blogs link to the ads .	sing_plur	3340
The new requirement will be effective starting January 1 , 2008 .	The new requirements will be effective starting January 1 , 2008 .	sing_plur	3343
LCD displays are the workhorse of the HDTV world .	LCD displays are the workhorses of the HDTV world .	sing_plur	3346
Then it was into the dark valley of August .	Then it was into the dark valleys of August .	sing_plur	3347
People panicked because they are still traumatized by the previous earthquake .	People panicked because they are still traumatized by the previous earthquakes .	sing_plur	3348
In the slips , men ceased buffing the pearly hull of multimillion-dollar yachts .	In the slips , men ceased buffing the pearly hulls of multimillion-dollar yachts .	sing_plur	3350
Steele 's and Hackett 's offices declined to comment after the arrest .	Steele 's and Hackett 's offices declined to comment after the arrests .	sing_plur	3351
During follow-up , 1,018 of the participant experienced heart failure .	During follow-up , 1,018 of the participants experienced heart failure .	sing_plur	3352
The mission started in 2001 after the terrorist attack in the United States .	The mission started in 2001 after the terrorist attacks in the United States .	sing_plur	3353
Two engines and a pump have been sent to the fire .	Two engines and a pump have been sent to the fires .	sing_plur	3354
About 600 people lined the approach as heavy rain fell .	About 600 people lined the approaches as heavy rain fell .	sing_plur	3355
He did not specify the amount of the fine .	He did not specify the amount of the fines .	sing_plur	3356
The Spartan did not have any trouble making the adjustment .	The Spartans did not have any trouble making the adjustment .	sing_plur	3358
The canary would not sing .	The canaries would not sing .	sing_plur	3359
The number tell you what you are .	The numbers tell you what you are .	sing_plur	3361
Holiday shoppers were not the only one seeking bargains yesterday .	Holiday shoppers were not the only ones seeking bargains yesterday .	sing_plur	3362
Grand Central is heroic testament to the dream of the railway .	Grand Central is heroic testament to the dream of the railways .	sing_plur	3364
Prosecutors concede that the teenager used threats , profanities and racial epithets .	Prosecutors concede that the teenagers used threats , profanities and racial epithets .	sing_plur	3367
Pence walked and Burke advanced the runner with a bunt .	Pence walked and Burke advanced the runners with a bunt .	sing_plur	3368
China sought to spread socialism and unite the farmer of the world .	China sought to spread socialism and unite the farmers of the world .	sing_plur	3370
Always provided the new measure can be justified .	Always provided the new measures can be justified .	sing_plur	3371
Nord says she only wants to add the right type of employees .	Nord says she only wants to add the right types of employees .	sing_plur	3372
Her family and the Wilson Center have denied the allegation .	Her family and the Wilson Center have denied the allegations .	sing_plur	3373
The South 's Han agreed in comments at the start of the meeting .	The South 's Han agreed in comments at the start of the meetings .	sing_plur	3374
It is not just the fan .	It is not just the fans .	sing_plur	3375
You have to stick to the rule .	You have to stick to the rules .	sing_plur	3376
His obvious lack of enthusiasm was reflected in the poll .	His obvious lack of enthusiasm was reflected in the polls .	sing_plur	3377
But she also longed to experience the sweet scent of chocolate and schnozberries .	But she also longed to experience the sweet scents of chocolate and schnozberries .	sing_plur	3379
Grant Leadbitter 's 90th minute strike was no consolation for the host .	Grant Leadbitter 's 90th minute strike was no consolation for the hosts .	sing_plur	3382
Many other defendants have settled by paying the company a few thousand dollars .	Many other defendants have settled by paying the companies a few thousand dollars .	sing_plur	3383
The first unit of the 26,000-strong force will be deployed in October .	The first units of the 26,000-strong force will be deployed in October .	sing_plur	3384
Kids say the darndest thing .	Kids say the darndest things .	sing_plur	3388
Stoudemire also missed Sunday 's win over the Cavalier .	Stoudemire also missed Sunday 's win over the Cavaliers .	sing_plur	3391
The government said the resignation would have no effect on the election .	The government said the resignations would have no effect on the election .	sing_plur	3392
Do it for the kid .	Do it for the kids .	sing_plur	3393
Sorge 's Fonzie adds greatly to the proceeding .	Sorge 's Fonzie adds greatly to the proceedings .	sing_plur	3394
Each of the winner received $ 10,000 .	Each of the winners received $ 10,000 .	sing_plur	3395
Every candidate with something to lose sounds canned in the debate .	Every candidate with something to lose sounds canned in the debates .	sing_plur	3396
The measure had the opposite effect and Gabriel began to grow .	The measures had the opposite effect and Gabriel began to grow .	sing_plur	3397
The plan will also be on show in Derbyshire in October .	The plans will also be on show in Derbyshire in October .	sing_plur	3398
Then I poured in the prosecco I had saved from the aperitif .	Then I poured in the prosecco I had saved from the aperitifs .	sing_plur	3401
The option can be exercised between 2007 and 2018 .	The options can be exercised between 2007 and 2018 .	sing_plur	3402
Qantas is among the biggest buyer of the plane .	Qantas is among the biggest buyers of the plane .	sing_plur	3404
An administrative court will decide whether to press charges against the Scientologist .	An administrative court will decide whether to press charges against the Scientologists .	sing_plur	3405
Then even the mode started to go .	Then even the modes started to go .	sing_plur	3406
The agency recently declassified portions of the embarrassing finding under congressional orders .	The agency recently declassified portions of the embarrassing findings under congressional orders .	sing_plur	3408
At the end of the day we want the datum .	At the end of the day we want the data .	sing_plur	3409
The Yank surrendered 367 .	The Yanks surrendered 367 .	sing_plur	3410
But the mullah did nothing for us .	But the mullahs did nothing for us .	sing_plur	3411
The odd of winning might be 1 in 100 .	The odds of winning might be 1 in 100 .	sing_plur	3413
The most disabling combination was diabetes and depression , the researcher said .	The most disabling combination was diabetes and depression , the researchers said .	sing_plur	3414
The model had yet to arrive .	The models had yet to arrive .	sing_plur	3415
Then the two leaders reviewed the guard of honor .	Then the two leaders reviewed the guards of honor .	sing_plur	3417
The joy of Russian vocal music is in the consonant .	The joy of Russian vocal music is in the consonants .	sing_plur	3418
He returned the ensuing kickoff 53 yards to the Bear 38 .	He returned the ensuing kickoff 53 yards to the Bears 38 .	sing_plur	3419
Eleven of the player not traveling were non-scholarship athletes .	Eleven of the players not traveling were non-scholarship athletes .	sing_plur	3420
Instead , he watched the game in his apartment .	Instead , he watched the games in his apartment .	sing_plur	3421
They must have just cut the bush away .	They must have just cut the bushes away .	sing_plur	3422
I peeked at the question .	I peeked at the questions .	sing_plur	3423
It rather is about brining out the beastliness in the human .	It rather is about brining out the beastliness in the humans .	sing_plur	3426
But perhaps it was on the card .	But perhaps it was on the cards .	sing_plur	3427
High school dropouts smoke at roughly three times the rate of college graduates .	High school dropouts smoke at roughly three times the rates of college graduates .	sing_plur	3429
He helped work out the parameter of the AIDS epidemic .	He helped work out the parameters of the AIDS epidemic .	sing_plur	3430
To a large degree , the company regulate themselves .	To a large degree , the companies regulate themselves .	sing_plur	3431
It is a bit of a psychological advantage to beat the Aussie .	It is a bit of a psychological advantage to beat the Aussies .	sing_plur	3432
Police have released the name of 30 of the people charged .	Police have released the names of 30 of the people charged .	sing_plur	3433
The odd of winning the jackpot are approximately one in 176 million .	The odds of winning the jackpot are approximately one in 176 million .	sing_plur	3434
The result could reflect diverging social values and economic fortunes among blacks .	The results could reflect diverging social values and economic fortunes among blacks .	sing_plur	3436
The other , who had gathered around , nodded in agreement .	The others , who had gathered around , nodded in agreement .	sing_plur	3437
The year following Ukrainian independence saw political turbulence in Crimea .	The years following Ukrainian independence saw political turbulence in Crimea .	sing_plur	3438
Still , he says , some patients will still opt for the implant .	Still , he says , some patients will still opt for the implants .	sing_plur	3439
Investigations are conducted to find the fact .	Investigations are conducted to find the facts .	sing_plur	3441
Beaked whales are among the least understood marine mammal .	Beaked whales are among the least understood marine mammals .	sing_plur	3443
Boonyasai 's team evaluated 39 articles dealing with the new curriculum .	Boonyasai 's team evaluated 39 articles dealing with the new curricula .	sing_plur	3445
Subsequent spats in the court did not support this .	Subsequent spats in the courts did not support this .	sing_plur	3446
Chesnoff said Friday that he could not comment on the allegation .	Chesnoff said Friday that he could not comment on the allegations .	sing_plur	3447
They must be the real fan .	They must be the real fans .	sing_plur	3448
He said his self-evaluation was based on more than the win and losses .	He said his self-evaluation was based on more than the wins and losses .	sing_plur	3449
The soldier we spoke to were unaware of the shootings .	The soldiers we spoke to were unaware of the shootings .	sing_plur	3450
Rating agencies grade those securities to let investors know the chance of default .	Rating agencies grade those securities to let investors know the chances of default .	sing_plur	3451
1973 - Vientiane ceasefire agreement divides Laos between the communist and the royalists .	1973 - Vientiane ceasefire agreement divides Laos between the communists and the royalists .	sing_plur	3453
Kelly acknowledged that inexperience may be the chief reason for the lopsided loss .	Kelly acknowledged that inexperience may be the chief reason for the lopsided losses .	sing_plur	3455
James Wisniewski and rookie Jonathan Toews scored the other goal for Chicago .	James Wisniewski and rookie Jonathan Toews scored the other goals for Chicago .	sing_plur	3456
Local authorities are investigating the cause of the death , the newspaper said .	Local authorities are investigating the cause of the deaths , the newspaper said .	sing_plur	3457
Chad cuts diplomatic ties with Sudan , accusing it of backing the rebel .	Chad cuts diplomatic ties with Sudan , accusing it of backing the rebels .	sing_plur	3458
Look at the Israeli soldier .	Look at the Israeli soldiers .	sing_plur	3459
It is unlikely Congress will have the vote to override the veto .	It is unlikely Congress will have the votes to override the veto .	sing_plur	3460
It is unclear how the guard would be replaced .	It is unclear how the guards would be replaced .	sing_plur	3461
Officials from the Garden issued a statement after the verdict .	Officials from the Garden issued a statement after the verdicts .	sing_plur	3463
Chapman said that would only make the problem worse .	Chapman said that would only make the problems worse .	sing_plur	3464
It remained unclear how the two soldiers became separated from the Afghan .	It remained unclear how the two soldiers became separated from the Afghans .	sing_plur	3465
The reprimand was among the lightest sentence he could have received .	The reprimand was among the lightest sentences he could have received .	sing_plur	3466
You could not see any of the bit or anything .	You could not see any of the bits or anything .	sing_plur	3468
The woman told police Mischler went outside and they heard four gunshots .	The women told police Mischler went outside and they heard four gunshots .	sing_plur	3469
That is part of the rule for the Northrop Grumman Lunar Lander Challenge .	That is part of the rules for the Northrop Grumman Lunar Lander Challenge .	sing_plur	3470
The team said it found many erroneous translations in the Spanish-language material .	The team said it found many erroneous translations in the Spanish-language materials .	sing_plur	3471
The bill does not include immunity for the utility .	The bill does not include immunity for the utilities .	sing_plur	3472
" We are going to check the checker , " she said .	" We are going to check the checkers , " she said .	sing_plur	3473
We look forward to working with the regulator to complete their assessment .	We look forward to working with the regulators to complete their assessment .	sing_plur	3474
The aim is to get the resident back into life .	The aim is to get the residents back into life .	sing_plur	3475
The market opened higher but the gain quickly faded .	The market opened higher but the gains quickly faded .	sing_plur	3476
Bush carried Hickman County with 60 percent of the vote in 2004 .	Bush carried Hickman County with 60 percent of the votes in 2004 .	sing_plur	3478
Mwai Kibaki rigged the election .	Mwai Kibaki rigged the elections .	sing_plur	3479
But the similarity can only be pursued so far .	But the similarities can only be pursued so far .	sing_plur	3481
I am trying to do my best for the supporter .	I am trying to do my best for the supporters .	sing_plur	3482
Amscan Inc. of Elmsford , N.Y. , imported the fake tooth .	Amscan Inc. of Elmsford , N.Y. , imported the fake teeth .	sing_plur	3483
Chadian authorities stopped the aid group 's convoy with the child in October .	Chadian authorities stopped the aid group 's convoy with the children in October .	sing_plur	3484
Suddenly , and unexpectedly , the vehicle halted .	Suddenly , and unexpectedly , the vehicles halted .	sing_plur	3487
Her car became stuck on the rail with a train fast approaching .	Her car became stuck on the rails with a train fast approaching .	sing_plur	3488
Order the pickled radish as an appetizer .	Order the pickled radishes as an appetizer .	sing_plur	3489
An estimated 16,000 PCSOs currently patrol the street of England and Wales .	An estimated 16,000 PCSOs currently patrol the streets of England and Wales .	sing_plur	3490
The event or circumstances reflected in forward-looking statements might not occur .	The events or circumstances reflected in forward-looking statements might not occur .	sing_plur	3491
He is expected to do the same in the other jurisdiction .	He is expected to do the same in the other jurisdictions .	sing_plur	3492
That is not saying that technically they do not have the skill .	That is not saying that technically they do not have the skills .	sing_plur	3493
The open-ended strike tested the government 's resolve .	The open-ended strikes tested the government 's resolve .	sing_plur	3494
About six vehicles were involved in the crash .	About six vehicles were involved in the crashes .	sing_plur	3495
NASA satellites capture the wildfire raging in Southern California .	NASA satellites capture the wildfires raging in Southern California .	sing_plur	3496
Clinton leads the pack among the Democratic presidential candidate .	Clinton leads the pack among the Democratic presidential candidates .	sing_plur	3499
It escalated when monks began joining the protest .	It escalated when monks began joining the protests .	sing_plur	3500
The Celt had their curse-stones .	The Celts had their curse-stones .	sing_plur	3501
Boos erupted as Winn circled the base .	Boos erupted as Winn circled the bases .	sing_plur	3502
He would strut into the kitchen and chase the dog .	He would strut into the kitchen and chase the dogs .	sing_plur	3503
The big boat can be yours for $ 4.5 million each .	The big boats can be yours for $ 4.5 million each .	sing_plur	3504
The problem is not the job or the workers .	The problem is not the jobs or the workers .	sing_plur	3506
Polls indicated limited public support for the strike .	Polls indicated limited public support for the strikes .	sing_plur	3507
Four new teams entered the ranking this week , including No. 21 Virginia .	Four new teams entered the rankings this week , including No. 21 Virginia .	sing_plur	3509
This regime performs its murders and torture away from the camera .	This regime performs its murders and torture away from the cameras .	sing_plur	3510
They began to think more about their personal fate after the election .	They began to think more about their personal fate after the elections .	sing_plur	3511
On this occasion , it missed the stump .	On this occasion , it missed the stumps .	sing_plur	3513
There is total determination to bring the perpetrator to justice .	There is total determination to bring the perpetrators to justice .	sing_plur	3515
Behind the placid picture , a made-for-TV storm is looming .	Behind the placid pictures , a made-for-TV storm is looming .	sing_plur	3520
Police are appealing for anyone with information about the burglary to contact them .	Police are appealing for anyone with information about the burglaries to contact them .	sing_plur	3524
By the time it ended , the witness outnumbered the lawmakers .	By the time it ended , the witnesses outnumbered the lawmakers .	sing_plur	3525
MSPs voted by 65 to 60 to accept the new plan .	MSPs voted by 65 to 60 to accept the new plans .	sing_plur	3526
Arson has been widely blamed in the blaze .	Arson has been widely blamed in the blazes .	sing_plur	3528
Most of the bird seized were euthanized by lethal injection .	Most of the birds seized were euthanized by lethal injection .	sing_plur	3530
Other priorities include organizing caucus carpools and babysitting services for the two-hour session .	Other priorities include organizing caucus carpools and babysitting services for the two-hour sessions .	sing_plur	3531
The announcement could come as early as Friday , the official said .	The announcement could come as early as Friday , the officials said .	sing_plur	3532
They were the eye of a dead man .	They were the eyes of a dead man .	sing_plur	3533
He never elaborated on the immoral act .	He never elaborated on the immoral acts .	sing_plur	3534
13 , when Simpson arrived and shouted that the item belonged to him .	13 , when Simpson arrived and shouted that the items belonged to him .	sing_plur	3535
Prosecutors said afterward that they would retry the defendant .	Prosecutors said afterward that they would retry the defendants .	sing_plur	3537
Never mind the crocodile and swarms of mosquitoes .	Never mind the crocodiles and swarms of mosquitoes .	sing_plur	3538
The sentence could be suspended .	The sentences could be suspended .	sing_plur	3541
The answer is in the number .	The answer is in the numbers .	sing_plur	3542
Here we go - the old conundrum .	Here we go - the old conundrums .	sing_plur	3545
The explosion could be felt up to 12 miles away , Marquez said .	The explosions could be felt up to 12 miles away , Marquez said .	sing_plur	3546
The researcher identified all cases of SIDS that occurred between 1973 and 1998 .	The researchers identified all cases of SIDS that occurred between 1973 and 1998 .	sing_plur	3547
We are hopeful that the toll will be gone by Hogmanay .	We are hopeful that the tolls will be gone by Hogmanay .	sing_plur	3548
There is definitely camaraderie among the designer .	There is definitely camaraderie among the designers .	sing_plur	3550
Foot traffic picks up in the evening , she said .	Foot traffic picks up in the evenings , she said .	sing_plur	3551
It is not immediately clear whether the writer will walk off the job .	It is not immediately clear whether the writers will walk off the job .	sing_plur	3552
In 1967 , the Gardner established Project Washoe to teach the chimp ASL .	In 1967 , the Gardners established Project Washoe to teach the chimp ASL .	sing_plur	3553
The girl died from smoke inhalation after the family home was set ablaze .	The girls died from smoke inhalation after the family home was set ablaze .	sing_plur	3554
The government has put a one-month deadline on the talk .	The government has put a one-month deadline on the talks .	sing_plur	3555
The suspect then made off into Drummond Street and were lost to sight .	The suspects then made off into Drummond Street and were lost to sight .	sing_plur	3560
Despite the complaint , Apple came out shining .	Despite the complaints , Apple came out shining .	sing_plur	3562
They concluded that the effect of stretching were extremely small .	They concluded that the effects of stretching were extremely small .	sing_plur	3564
The highway was shut down after the blast but reopened Sunday morning .	The highway was shut down after the blasts but reopened Sunday morning .	sing_plur	3565
It is time to roll the die .	It is time to roll the dice .	sing_plur	3566
The number could change since the fundraising deadline is not until midnight Sunday .	The numbers could change since the fundraising deadline is not until midnight Sunday .	sing_plur	3568
This was the first of eight meetings between the team .	This was the first of eight meetings between the teams .	sing_plur	3570
The result could take two weeks .	The results could take two weeks .	sing_plur	3574
The politic is in full swing .	The politics is in full swing .	sing_plur	3575
Tiredness and stress are the ailment of our age .	Tiredness and stress are the ailments of our age .	sing_plur	3576
The Pentagon 's comptroller and State Department then also certify the claim .	The Pentagon 's comptroller and State Department then also certify the claims .	sing_plur	3577
The victim then drew attention of passing motorists , who alerted police .	The victims then drew attention of passing motorists , who alerted police .	sing_plur	3578
He said they would also take other unspecified measures against the rebel .	He said they would also take other unspecified measures against the rebels .	sing_plur	3580
Or whether it will seek dialogue to defuse the protest .	Or whether it will seek dialogue to defuse the protests .	sing_plur	3581
We separated the party .	We separated the parties .	sing_plur	3582
The youngster got into difficulty near the pier at South Kessock in Inverness .	The youngsters got into difficulty near the pier at South Kessock in Inverness .	sing_plur	3583
And you should tell of the smell and the fly .	And you should tell of the smell and the flies .	sing_plur	3584
The number showed virtually no change since the last AP-Ipsos survey in July .	The numbers showed virtually no change since the last AP-Ipsos survey in July .	sing_plur	3586
Some businesses in town planned to shut down during the demonstration .	Some businesses in town planned to shut down during the demonstrations .	sing_plur	3587
The final question got mixed reviews .	The final questions got mixed reviews .	sing_plur	3588
The improvement will alleviate congestion along Route 100 and the I-78 exit .	The improvements will alleviate congestion along Route 100 and the I-78 exit .	sing_plur	3589
The circumstance will certainly be different .	The circumstances will certainly be different .	sing_plur	3592
The movie instead sees beyond the stereotype .	The movie instead sees beyond the stereotypes .	sing_plur	3593
The person would not disclose the charge .	The person would not disclose the charges .	sing_plur	3594
The detail on the lost discs would be sought after by fraudsters .	The details on the lost discs would be sought after by fraudsters .	sing_plur	3595
Test scores were in the dump across the board .	Test scores were in the dumps across the board .	sing_plur	3596
The negotiation with Bhutto began to cause rifts in the goverment .	The negotiations with Bhutto began to cause rifts in the goverment .	sing_plur	3597
Click here to read the key finding of the report ( pdf ) .	Click here to read the key findings of the report ( pdf ) .	sing_plur	3598
Two of the boy prepared lengths of white silk cord for blessing .	Two of the boys prepared lengths of white silk cord for blessing .	sing_plur	3600
She and the child had been home all night .	She and the children had been home all night .	sing_plur	3602
It marked the 17th fatality in the 44-year history of the race .	It marked the 17th fatality in the 44-year history of the races .	sing_plur	3605
When the buyer defaulted on their loans the market imploded .	When the buyers defaulted on their loans the market imploded .	sing_plur	3608
The tank , he added , fell in Turkish territory .	The tanks , he added , fell in Turkish territory .	sing_plur	3609
I told him to come on down and talk to the player .	I told him to come on down and talk to the players .	sing_plur	3610
Keep checking out the perception of your in-office colleagues .	Keep checking out the perceptions of your in-office colleagues .	sing_plur	3611
After throwing the rock , the men fled the scene .	After throwing the rocks , the men fled the scene .	sing_plur	3612
Nielson has never fully explained to anyone why he committed the killing .	Nielson has never fully explained to anyone why he committed the killings .	sing_plur	3613
Univision reporters Carlos Chicas and Jos Lpez will be the announcer .	Univision reporters Carlos Chicas and Jos Lpez will be the announcers .	sing_plur	3614
The share fell 10 percent on Thursday .	The shares fell 10 percent on Thursday .	sing_plur	3616
The term on beauty products can be confusing .	The terms on beauty products can be confusing .	sing_plur	3619
And those are just the stationary example .	And those are just the stationary examples .	sing_plur	3621
It is thought the vandal broke the windows with scaffolding poles .	It is thought the vandals broke the windows with scaffolding poles .	sing_plur	3624
The winner will be announced at the event , DMC said .	The winners will be announced at the event , DMC said .	sing_plur	3626
They have declined to comment on the circumstance of that development .	They have declined to comment on the circumstances of that development .	sing_plur	3627
Unfortunately , counterterrorism is fought down in the trench .	Unfortunately , counterterrorism is fought down in the trenches .	sing_plur	3628
Rotenberg would take her child off the medicine .	Rotenberg would take her child off the medicines .	sing_plur	3629
In 2005 , Eaton reached the playoff with the Padres .	In 2005 , Eaton reached the playoffs with the Padres .	sing_plur	3630
See the attached list for the exact date at each store location .	See the attached list for the exact dates at each store location .	sing_plur	3631
But the mood on the street is much less smug .	But the mood on the streets is much less smug .	sing_plur	3632
But it is not just the financial .	But it is not just the financials .	sing_plur	3633
Inquiries are being carried out to establish the circumstance surrounding the shooting .	Inquiries are being carried out to establish the circumstances surrounding the shooting .	sing_plur	3634
He is not accused of any crime by the American prosecutor .	He is not accused of any crime by the American prosecutors .	sing_plur	3636
Here is what the local folks want , I represent the local folk .	Here is what the local folks want , I represent the local folks .	sing_plur	3639
The three indictments each claimed that Mr. Wu confessed to the various charge .	The three indictments each claimed that Mr. Wu confessed to the various charges .	sing_plur	3641
Many people are working tirelessly to bridge the difference .	Many people are working tirelessly to bridge the differences .	sing_plur	3642
But for now , he is sticking with the big ship .	But for now , he is sticking with the big ships .	sing_plur	3643
Clinton 's communications team bears the scar of scandals past .	Clinton 's communications team bears the scars of scandals past .	sing_plur	3645
The other use fine , flexible titanium bristles that can last for years .	The other uses fine , flexible titanium bristles that can last for years .	sing_plur	3646
I hauled the kid .	I hauled the kids .	sing_plur	3650
One by one the passenger went by .	One by one the passengers went by .	sing_plur	3651
Demand for the 125-pound ticket also crashed the O2 Arena website .	Demand for the 125-pound tickets also crashed the O2 Arena website .	sing_plur	3652
Iran and Turkey demand that the Iraqi government stop the cross-border attack .	Iran and Turkey demand that the Iraqi government stop the cross-border attacks .	sing_plur	3653
The development of the window is a year-long creative process .	The development of the windows is a year-long creative process .	sing_plur	3654
The eight minor parties are holdovers from the early day of the revolution .	The eight minor parties are holdovers from the early days of the revolution .	sing_plur	3656
Pimps traffic the girl between towns and cities .	Pimps traffic the girls between towns and cities .	sing_plur	3658
However the nationality of those on board is not yet known .	However the nationalities of those on board is not yet known .	sing_plur	3659
Despite the difficulty , Juma carries on .	Despite the difficulties , Juma carries on .	sing_plur	3660
The report did not identify the airport .	The report did not identify the airports .	sing_plur	3662
The troops called in airstrikes and fought the militant in a gun battle .	The troops called in airstrikes and fought the militants in a gun battle .	sing_plur	3664
The hotel 's history is in the detail .	The hotel 's history is in the details .	sing_plur	3665
But periodic crises are already hampering the effort .	But periodic crises are already hampering the efforts .	sing_plur	3666
However , he has since come to endorse the new owner .	However , he has since come to endorse the new owners .	sing_plur	3669
Even when the Angels loaded the base early , he escaped .	Even when the Angels loaded the bases early , he escaped .	sing_plur	3672
But the same rockets were used to hurl the Gemini astronaut into space .	But the same rockets were used to hurl the Gemini astronauts into space .	sing_plur	3673
Afterward , the gunman ordered her and her daughter-in-law to leave Saidiya .	Afterward , the gunmen ordered her and her daughter-in-law to leave Saidiya .	sing_plur	3674
The Dutch man may have been healthier .	The Dutch men may have been healthier .	sing_plur	3675
But the number is in the thousand .	But the number is in the thousands .	sing_plur	3676
The image added to the dispute over Ms Bhutto 's death .	The images added to the dispute over Ms Bhutto 's death .	sing_plur	3677
Police would not confirm that the bones were those of the child .	Police would not confirm that the bones were those of the children .	sing_plur	3678
The Company does not adjust FFO to eliminate the effect of non-recurring charges .	The Company does not adjust FFO to eliminate the effects of non-recurring charges .	sing_plur	3680
Each needs two more to set the record .	Each needs two more to set the records .	sing_plur	3681
Remove the thyme and set the apple aside .	Remove the thyme and set the apples aside .	sing_plur	3682
The camp aimed at rehabilitating young people who run afoul of the law .	The camps aimed at rehabilitating young people who run afoul of the law .	sing_plur	3683
We knock on the window to get her attention .	We knock on the windows to get her attention .	sing_plur	3684
The bank - this is probably the least of their worries .	The banks - this is probably the least of their worries .	sing_plur	3687
The bank will now canvas industry colleagues to raise the required cash .	The banks will now canvas industry colleagues to raise the required cash .	sing_plur	3688
I believe in the player .	I believe in the players .	sing_plur	3689
A second attack a year later toppled the towering minaret of the shrine .	A second attack a year later toppled the towering minarets of the shrine .	sing_plur	3690
The pair concluded that dark matter was not necessary to explain the result .	The pair concluded that dark matter was not necessary to explain the results .	sing_plur	3692
Organizers screened and read the question .	Organizers screened and read the questions .	sing_plur	3698
More research needs be done with both the mother and the children .	More research needs be done with both the mothers and the children .	sing_plur	3699
The session varied widely from family counseling about diet to child-only physical training .	The sessions varied widely from family counseling about diet to child-only physical training .	sing_plur	3700
The talk quickly broke down .	The talks quickly broke down .	sing_plur	3701
I am well aware of the advantage of this situation .	I am well aware of the advantages of this situation .	sing_plur	3702
Fighting around the defensive position has been intense in recent weeks .	Fighting around the defensive positions has been intense in recent weeks .	sing_plur	3703
The team even uses pre-production 360s to help export the datum .	The team even uses pre-production 360s to help export the data .	sing_plur	3704
A Democrat would probably support many of the idea .	A Democrat would probably support many of the ideas .	sing_plur	3705
This will cost jobs and depress wages in the affected area .	This will cost jobs and depress wages in the affected areas .	sing_plur	3706
Richard Jefferson scored 30 points for the Net .	Richard Jefferson scored 30 points for the Nets .	sing_plur	3707
But they are torn over how nearby they want the school to be .	But they are torn over how nearby they want the schools to be .	sing_plur	3709
So did the fed .	So did the feds .	sing_plur	3711
The teen had come to fight White 's son .	The teens had come to fight White 's son .	sing_plur	3712
There should never be a layer of fat over the rib .	There should never be a layer of fat over the ribs .	sing_plur	3714
The Net lost the previous three .	The Nets lost the previous three .	sing_plur	3717
She seemed less self-absorbed than the other .	She seemed less self-absorbed than the others .	sing_plur	3718
The research center denies the allegation .	The research center denies the allegations .	sing_plur	3720
The report did not say if any of the drug had been exported .	The report did not say if any of the drugs had been exported .	sing_plur	3721
The real action 's in the vocal .	The real action 's in the vocals .	sing_plur	3724
The military has not yet defined the specific charge against Hussein .	The military has not yet defined the specific charges against Hussein .	sing_plur	3726
She cannot even study because of the headache .	She cannot even study because of the headaches .	sing_plur	3727
They are putting 6,000 riot police on the street of Moscow .	They are putting 6,000 riot police on the streets of Moscow .	sing_plur	3728
Semmel did not identify the supplier .	Semmel did not identify the suppliers .	sing_plur	3732
Police believe the attacker had been drinking in the pub throughout Saturday evening .	Police believe the attackers had been drinking in the pub throughout Saturday evening .	sing_plur	3733
He had just moved into the flat in Galashiels , Selkirkshire .	He had just moved into the flats in Galashiels , Selkirkshire .	sing_plur	3734
The explosion caught a crowd of Sunni Muslims leaving an anniversary gathering .	The explosions caught a crowd of Sunni Muslims leaving an anniversary gathering .	sing_plur	3736
He learned the trick of the trade through mail-order art lessons .	He learned the tricks of the trade through mail-order art lessons .	sing_plur	3737
Tonight marks the first meeting between the team since 1989 .	Tonight marks the first meeting between the teams since 1989 .	sing_plur	3739
The other agreed .	The others agreed .	sing_plur	3740
The patient simulator cost up to $ 200,000 .	The patient simulators cost up to $ 200,000 .	sing_plur	3742
Wednesday , the marshal surrounded her house and knocked .	Wednesday , the marshals surrounded her house and knocked .	sing_plur	3744
The Werners have hung stockings , but will skip the present .	The Werners have hung stockings , but will skip the presents .	sing_plur	3745
Local Los Angeles TV stations have provided wall-to-wall coverage of the fire .	Local Los Angeles TV stations have provided wall-to-wall coverage of the fires .	sing_plur	3747
Instead I buy the asset off them .	Instead I buy the assets off them .	sing_plur	3748
India still lives with the consequence .	India still lives with the consequences .	sing_plur	3749
He called for a public recount of the ballot .	He called for a public recount of the ballots .	sing_plur	3751
Indiana Jones was injected unexpectedly into the proceeding , E !	Indiana Jones was injected unexpectedly into the proceedings , E !	sing_plur	3753
Iran has rejected criticism of the execution .	Iran has rejected criticism of the executions .	sing_plur	3755
He has nine leadoff homers , most in the major .	He has nine leadoff homers , most in the majors .	sing_plur	3757
Another 20,000 lined the street to her hotel .	Another 20,000 lined the streets to her hotel .	sing_plur	3759
General Musharraf and Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz issued statements condemning the blast .	General Musharraf and Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz issued statements condemning the blasts .	sing_plur	3760
The winner will be all but assured of a quarter-final spot .	The winners will be all but assured of a quarter-final spot .	sing_plur	3762
Police spokeswoman Monique Bond said nobody is forced to fill out the card .	Police spokeswoman Monique Bond said nobody is forced to fill out the cards .	sing_plur	3763
Their secular parties are the biggest bloc in the opposition .	Their secular parties are the biggest blocs in the opposition .	sing_plur	3764
Cairns approached the officer to ask for their help .	Cairns approached the officers to ask for their help .	sing_plur	3765
But the top-tier contender drew most of the attention .	But the top-tier contenders drew most of the attention .	sing_plur	3766
However , the effect waned somewhat during follow-up .	However , the effects waned somewhat during follow-up .	sing_plur	3767
Federer will likely have to beat Roddick and Davydenko to reach the semifinal .	Federer will likely have to beat Roddick and Davydenko to reach the semifinals .	sing_plur	3768
He was standing several feet in front of the gun .	He was standing several feet in front of the guns .	sing_plur	3769
But there aren 't the vote to do that .	But there aren 't the votes to do that .	sing_plur	3770
You can also dig into the datum yourself .	You can also dig into the data yourself .	sing_plur	3771
Critics say she shifted with the political wind .	Critics say she shifted with the political winds .	sing_plur	3772
The girl brightened when they got to the rides .	The girls brightened when they got to the rides .	sing_plur	3773
Other Turkish officials later denied the report .	Other Turkish officials later denied the reports .	sing_plur	3774
Fellow South African Louis Van Zyl is favourite to win the 400m hurdle .	Fellow South African Louis Van Zyl is favourite to win the 400m hurdles .	sing_plur	3776
Children were involved in 7.4 percent of the problem .	Children were involved in 7.4 percent of the problems .	sing_plur	3778
It is the incessant commercial and sponsored segments .	It is the incessant commercials and sponsored segments .	sing_plur	3780
They never inquired about the reason for her refashioned uniform .	They never inquired about the reasons for her refashioned uniform .	sing_plur	3781
It only authorizes the project ; the actual funding must be approved separately .	It only authorizes the projects ; the actual funding must be approved separately .	sing_plur	3782
Green 's confidence suffered because of the uneven performance .	Green 's confidence suffered because of the uneven performances .	sing_plur	3783
The Razorback then scored on a reverse pass .	The Razorbacks then scored on a reverse pass .	sing_plur	3784
" The shooting took place in the on-base barracks , " it added .	" The shootings took place in the on-base barracks , " it added .	sing_plur	3785
Leave the poor sod alone .	Leave the poor sods alone .	sing_plur	3786
The authority criticized the zoo for its facility and procedures .	The authorities criticized the zoo for its facility and procedures .	sing_plur	3787
Prosecutors say Ramda was the financier of several of the attack .	Prosecutors say Ramda was the financier of several of the attacks .	sing_plur	3789
The problem is therefore bigger than the lawyer themselves .	The problem is therefore bigger than the lawyers themselves .	sing_plur	3790
In fact , the role could not be more different .	In fact , the roles could not be more different .	sing_plur	3791
The building will all have rooftop decks .	The buildings will all have rooftop decks .	sing_plur	3792
I am not sure how to operate the pant .	I am not sure how to operate the pants .	sing_plur	3795
Meanwhile , the probe into the Gonzales era will continue .	Meanwhile , the probes into the Gonzales era will continue .	sing_plur	3796
But I will continue to work hard with the player .	But I will continue to work hard with the players .	sing_plur	3797
So I would tour during the weekend .	So I would tour during the weekends .	sing_plur	3802
Meanwhile , the human toll from the fire is growing .	Meanwhile , the human toll from the fires is growing .	sing_plur	3803
Putin blamed the delay on technical and legal glitches .	Putin blamed the delays on technical and legal glitches .	sing_plur	3804
Within minutes , the slum exploded into fresh violence .	Within minutes , the slums exploded into fresh violence .	sing_plur	3805
The one studied by Terry and colleagues were in Australia .	The ones studied by Terry and colleagues were in Australia .	sing_plur	3806
The Razorback ( 3-1 ) led 34-24 at halftime .	The Razorbacks ( 3-1 ) led 34-24 at halftime .	sing_plur	3807
Deep cracks line the outside wall of Hulihee Palace .	Deep cracks line the outside walls of Hulihee Palace .	sing_plur	3809
Some elements of the medium began to stir the pot .	Some elements of the media began to stir the pot .	sing_plur	3811
The drug would be collected by a friend or relative .	The drugs would be collected by a friend or relative .	sing_plur	3814
Motorists might feel under attack from measures outlined across the paper .	Motorists might feel under attack from measures outlined across the papers .	sing_plur	3815
Then they compared the result by county .	Then they compared the results by county .	sing_plur	3816
The heaviest obese woman had the best outcomes if they lost weight .	The heaviest obese women had the best outcomes if they lost weight .	sing_plur	3818
The Independent Police Complaints Commission is managing an investigation into the allegation .	The Independent Police Complaints Commission is managing an investigation into the allegations .	sing_plur	3819
Police hustle the fighter away .	Police hustle the fighters away .	sing_plur	3820
They deny the offence and the trial continues .	They deny the offences and the trial continues .	sing_plur	3821
The nationality of the 103 young children involved in the case are unclear .	The nationalities of the 103 young children involved in the case are unclear .	sing_plur	3822
The central bank 's move had been widely anticipated by the financial market .	The central bank 's move had been widely anticipated by the financial markets .	sing_plur	3824
Police are on the trail of the gunman who abducted them .	Police are on the trail of the gunmen who abducted them .	sing_plur	3826
Small business owners know about the worry hanging over Wall Street .	Small business owners know about the worries hanging over Wall Street .	sing_plur	3827
These are the blessing of low expectations .	These are the blessings of low expectations .	sing_plur	3828
More than 50,000 people rallied at the start of the protest on Friday .	More than 50,000 people rallied at the start of the protests on Friday .	sing_plur	3830
The tear of joy started as soon as Alicia Sacramone saluted the judges .	The tears of joy started as soon as Alicia Sacramone saluted the judges .	sing_plur	3834
, the teenage brother finished fifth .	, the teenage brothers finished fifth .	sing_plur	3835
It looked as though we were heading for the quarter-final .	It looked as though we were heading for the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	3836
All of those diseases have symptoms similar to Ebola in the early stage .	All of those diseases have symptoms similar to Ebola in the early stages .	sing_plur	3837
The prime minister will now use their meeting to discuss more specific proposals .	The prime ministers will now use their meeting to discuss more specific proposals .	sing_plur	3838
He then set the rule for the court cases .	He then set the rules for the court cases .	sing_plur	3840
The agreement requires the party to abide by International Labor Organization standards .	The agreement requires the parties to abide by International Labor Organization standards .	sing_plur	3843
A hitless day will bring back reminders of the failure .	A hitless day will bring back reminders of the failures .	sing_plur	3844
The Associated Press had sought the datum under the Freedom of Information Act .	The Associated Press had sought the data under the Freedom of Information Act .	sing_plur	3845
Save me the extra click , please .	Save me the extra clicks , please .	sing_plur	3846
The company that set up Petside.com plan to share the advertising revenue .	The companies that set up Petside.com plan to share the advertising revenue .	sing_plur	3848
Young then walked to load the base .	Young then walked to load the bases .	sing_plur	3849
The symptom indicated possible foot-and-mouth disease .	The symptoms indicated possible foot-and-mouth disease .	sing_plur	3852
The thief fled .	The thieves fled .	sing_plur	3853
He said information was missing and the recording should be professionally analyzed .	He said information was missing and the recordings should be professionally analyzed .	sing_plur	3855
A Yellow body type is straight from the waist through the hip .	A Yellow body type is straight from the waist through the hips .	sing_plur	3856
But despite making the apology , Fujimori denied giving orders for the killing .	But despite making the apology , Fujimori denied giving orders for the killings .	sing_plur	3857
Georgian authorities shrug off the allegation .	Georgian authorities shrug off the allegations .	sing_plur	3858
Under the rule 48,000 people became conscientious objectors .	Under the rules 48,000 people became conscientious objectors .	sing_plur	3859
Moore Stephens denies the allegation .	Moore Stephens denies the allegations .	sing_plur	3860
They explain the basic finding reasonably well .	They explain the basic findings reasonably well .	sing_plur	3864
If children are caught littering , parents will have to pay the fine .	If children are caught littering , parents will have to pay the fines .	sing_plur	3865
The tourist will begin viewing the mummy Monday , Hawass said .	The tourists will begin viewing the mummy Monday , Hawass said .	sing_plur	3866
Cuba remains a leftover from the day of the Cold War .	Cuba remains a leftover from the days of the Cold War .	sing_plur	3867
And then there are the emotional scar .	And then there are the emotional scars .	sing_plur	3868
The march soon grew into pro-democracy demonstrations led by the revered monks .	The marches soon grew into pro-democracy demonstrations led by the revered monks .	sing_plur	3869
Bodies dumped on the street .	Bodies dumped on the streets .	sing_plur	3871
We argued the pro and cons .	We argued the pros and cons .	sing_plur	3873
The various agreement relating to this transaction are well advanced .	The various agreements relating to this transaction are well advanced .	sing_plur	3874
I can feel the silence in the monastery .	I can feel the silence in the monasteries .	sing_plur	3875
The number from the various states cannot be added up with accuracy .	The numbers from the various states cannot be added up with accuracy .	sing_plur	3877
But he said the suspicion might be overblown .	But he said the suspicions might be overblown .	sing_plur	3879
The researcher recently tested the system off the coast of Florida .	The researchers recently tested the system off the coast of Florida .	sing_plur	3880
The buyer will also assume $ 8 billion in debt .	The buyers will also assume $ 8 billion in debt .	sing_plur	3881
Exciting , said the paper .	Exciting , said the papers .	sing_plur	3883
In fuel-saving 2WD mode , all power is sent to the front wheel .	In fuel-saving 2WD mode , all power is sent to the front wheels .	sing_plur	3884
Here are the highlight , categorized to fit your holiday needs .	Here are the highlights , categorized to fit your holiday needs .	sing_plur	3885
The judge also wished the officer well .	The judge also wished the officers well .	sing_plur	3886
The thread of friendship and enmity running through this book are long ones .	The threads of friendship and enmity running through this book are long ones .	sing_plur	3887
All three victories have come against teams that reached the playoff last season .	All three victories have come against teams that reached the playoffs last season .	sing_plur	3889
Xinhua said factories manufacturing the drug had been closed .	Xinhua said factories manufacturing the drugs had been closed .	sing_plur	3890
The forward-looking statement in this release involve a number of risks and uncertainties .	The forward-looking statements in this release involve a number of risks and uncertainties .	sing_plur	3891
Consumers returned to the mall in July after taking a breather in June .	Consumers returned to the malls in July after taking a breather in June .	sing_plur	3893
He drew sweeping , urgent , often brilliant playing from the musician .	He drew sweeping , urgent , often brilliant playing from the musicians .	sing_plur	3894
They know the decision to make .	They know the decisions to make .	sing_plur	3895
Some critics have put the problem down to Whitehall bureaucracy and incompetence .	Some critics have put the problems down to Whitehall bureaucracy and incompetence .	sing_plur	3896
The team traded second-period goals with St. Louis 's Barret Jackman scoring first .	The teams traded second-period goals with St. Louis 's Barret Jackman scoring first .	sing_plur	3898
It has the same environmental benefit of hydrogen .	It has the same environmental benefits of hydrogen .	sing_plur	3899
My basic premise is for the spiritual protection of the child .	My basic premise is for the spiritual protection of the children .	sing_plur	3900
Think of them as the professional amateur .	Think of them as the professional amateurs .	sing_plur	3901
Please review the full rule governing commentaries and discussions .	Please review the full rules governing commentaries and discussions .	sing_plur	3902
Nancy and I were allowed to share the meal .	Nancy and I were allowed to share the meals .	sing_plur	3906
The authority closed the center in December 2005 .	The authorities closed the center in December 2005 .	sing_plur	3908
Lightning strikes the floodlight and all goes dark .	Lightning strikes the floodlights and all goes dark .	sing_plur	3912
The state controls the main broadcaster and publications .	The state controls the main broadcasters and publications .	sing_plur	3914
CNN said the investment was in the multimillion dollar .	CNN said the investment was in the multimillion dollars .	sing_plur	3916
The ruling could be appealed to the supreme court .	The rulings could be appealed to the supreme court .	sing_plur	3919
Neither the dealer nor the museum disclosed the amounts .	Neither the dealers nor the museum disclosed the amounts .	sing_plur	3920
The devil , however , is in the detail .	The devil , however , is in the details .	sing_plur	3921
The bomb went off close to where Mr Advani was due to speak .	The bombs went off close to where Mr Advani was due to speak .	sing_plur	3922
Here are five of the best production of the year .	Here are five of the best productions of the year .	sing_plur	3923
The long waits have heightened concerns that the inspection will choke off commerce .	The long waits have heightened concerns that the inspections will choke off commerce .	sing_plur	3925
Despite the tough word he wields little control over Gaza .	Despite the tough words he wields little control over Gaza .	sing_plur	3926
This comes at a huge cost to the owner .	This comes at a huge cost to the owners .	sing_plur	3927
He also said the prisoner there needed medical treatment .	He also said the prisoners there needed medical treatment .	sing_plur	3928
" " We need the fan behind us .	" " We need the fans behind us .	sing_plur	3929
The first resident should move in at the start of 2008 .	The first residents should move in at the start of 2008 .	sing_plur	3930
Then the prosecution came from the politicized Bush Justice Department .	Then the prosecutions came from the politicized Bush Justice Department .	sing_plur	3932
Under the circumstance , that is unlikely .	Under the circumstances , that is unlikely .	sing_plur	3933
But then the Conservative unveil a highly popular policy on inheritance tax .	But then the Conservatives unveil a highly popular policy on inheritance tax .	sing_plur	3934
With his victory he vaulted from eighth to third in the standing .	With his victory he vaulted from eighth to third in the standings .	sing_plur	3935
Across the country , churchgoers prayed for the blaze to abate .	Across the country , churchgoers prayed for the blazes to abate .	sing_plur	3936
In 1988 it was a currency devaluation that triggered the demonstration .	In 1988 it was a currency devaluation that triggered the demonstrations .	sing_plur	3937
The blow fractured her skull .	The blows fractured her skull .	sing_plur	3939
We have been to the memorial ceremony .	We have been to the memorial ceremonies .	sing_plur	3942
The turbine would be located 11 miles offshore .	The turbines would be located 11 miles offshore .	sing_plur	3944
The measurement can be translated into more precise masses for Nix and Hydra .	The measurements can be translated into more precise masses for Nix and Hydra .	sing_plur	3947
I have been left to pick up the piece .	I have been left to pick up the pieces .	sing_plur	3948
Willis rushes out and down the stair .	Willis rushes out and down the stairs .	sing_plur	3949
Pro Bowl safety Brian Dawkins found the accusation troublesome .	Pro Bowl safety Brian Dawkins found the accusations troublesome .	sing_plur	3950
The scribe of the day had their hook and ran with it .	The scribes of the day had their hook and ran with it .	sing_plur	3951
Upper-floor units seem to float above the tree .	Upper-floor units seem to float above the trees .	sing_plur	3954
Souther was 7 when Neil Armstrong took the first step on the moon .	Souther was 7 when Neil Armstrong took the first steps on the moon .	sing_plur	3955
Double-check the requirement before sending an unaccompanied minor abroad .	Double-check the requirements before sending an unaccompanied minor abroad .	sing_plur	3956
Someone had to take the loss .	Someone had to take the losses .	sing_plur	3958
Microsoft did not disclose the term of the settlement .	Microsoft did not disclose the terms of the settlement .	sing_plur	3959
The actor , however , denied the allegation on Wednesday .	The actor , however , denied the allegations on Wednesday .	sing_plur	3960
" You can feel their heartbeat , " Torre said of the fan .	" You can feel their heartbeat , " Torre said of the fans .	sing_plur	3962
Many were critically injured in the blast .	Many were critically injured in the blasts .	sing_plur	3963
Community and other groups may of course use the material on the website .	Community and other groups may of course use the materials on the website .	sing_plur	3965
These recommendations often lead to the best value anywhere .	These recommendations often lead to the best values anywhere .	sing_plur	3966
Depression afflicted many people following the terrorist attack .	Depression afflicted many people following the terrorist attacks .	sing_plur	3967
Green said Miller is having fun with the ad .	Green said Miller is having fun with the ads .	sing_plur	3968
The European Commission says the new rule could be applied in 2010 .	The European Commission says the new rules could be applied in 2010 .	sing_plur	3969
The authority searched for the other inmate , identified as Roy Townsend .	The authorities searched for the other inmate , identified as Roy Townsend .	sing_plur	3970
Increasingly , the sounds of Baghdad include children playing in the street .	Increasingly , the sounds of Baghdad include children playing in the streets .	sing_plur	3971
The Kurdish guerrilla may number only 3,000 or so .	The Kurdish guerrillas may number only 3,000 or so .	sing_plur	3973
Wright-Phillips and Gareth Barry were the man replaced .	Wright-Phillips and Gareth Barry were the men replaced .	sing_plur	3974
He and I both had the same addiction .	He and I both had the same addictions .	sing_plur	3975
The Committee to Protect Journalists condemned the alleged action of the government forces .	The Committee to Protect Journalists condemned the alleged actions of the government forces .	sing_plur	3977
Activision is preparing " Guitar Hero III " for the holiday .	Activision is preparing " Guitar Hero III " for the holidays .	sing_plur	3978
There was a smaller South African contingent among the arrival from London .	There was a smaller South African contingent among the arrivals from London .	sing_plur	3979
Heat the round at 400 F for about 5 minutes .	Heat the rounds at 400 F for about 5 minutes .	sing_plur	3981
The suspects then allegedly dragged the body to a garden shed .	The suspects then allegedly dragged the bodies to a garden shed .	sing_plur	3982
The player signed autographs through the bars of the stadium fence .	The players signed autographs through the bars of the stadium fence .	sing_plur	3983
Last year , Leonardo DiCaprio appeared with Al Gore at the Oscar .	Last year , Leonardo DiCaprio appeared with Al Gore at the Oscars .	sing_plur	3984
We care nothing about human life if the ends justify the mean .	We care nothing about human life if the ends justify the means .	sing_plur	3985
And it gave the organisation conflicting goals .	And it gave the organisations conflicting goals .	sing_plur	3986
I want to do the hard thing .	I want to do the hard things .	sing_plur	3988
The print did not match Knox or Sollecito .	The prints did not match Knox or Sollecito .	sing_plur	3989
But the one we chose were not good enough .	But the ones we chose were not good enough .	sing_plur	3990
It is the insurgent he fears , he tells me .	It is the insurgents he fears , he tells me .	sing_plur	3992
" Go back to the old day , " she says .	" Go back to the old days , " she says .	sing_plur	3994
Osbourne will guide the three girls through the final .	Osbourne will guide the three girls through the finals .	sing_plur	3995
The defendant contended the copyright protection period had expired .	The defendants contended the copyright protection period had expired .	sing_plur	3996
The risk could be awful .	The risks could be awful .	sing_plur	3997
A wide neckline also balances the hip .	A wide neckline also balances the hips .	sing_plur	4000
The Queen Mother did the honour this time .	The Queen Mother did the honours this time .	sing_plur	4002
But experts are not convinced by the finding .	But experts are not convinced by the findings .	sing_plur	4004
The exact financial detail of the transaction being discussed are not clear .	The exact financial details of the transaction being discussed are not clear .	sing_plur	4005
The defendant included suspects in Spain , Canada and Belgium .	The defendants included suspects in Spain , Canada and Belgium .	sing_plur	4008
A warning chime accompanies the message .	A warning chime accompanies the messages .	sing_plur	4010
And older people responded only to the positive scene .	And older people responded only to the positive scenes .	sing_plur	4011
A summary of the restated balance is attached .	A summary of the restated balances is attached .	sing_plur	4012
Huffer gave the reason for his decision .	Huffer gave the reasons for his decision .	sing_plur	4014
The standard for the lesser offenses would have been different .	The standards for the lesser offenses would have been different .	sing_plur	4016
The kid , of course , loved the casts .	The kids , of course , loved the casts .	sing_plur	4017
Letourneau said he did not know whether the suspect had lawyers .	Letourneau said he did not know whether the suspects had lawyers .	sing_plur	4020
Six fire engines were trying to douse the flame , Singh said .	Six fire engines were trying to douse the flames , Singh said .	sing_plur	4022
The remark provoked criticism in Iran and elsewhere .	The remarks provoked criticism in Iran and elsewhere .	sing_plur	4024
The policy named Carlos Perez-Olivo as beneficiary and he had submitted a claim .	The policies named Carlos Perez-Olivo as beneficiary and he had submitted a claim .	sing_plur	4026
Two weeks ago , the table turned .	Two weeks ago , the tables turned .	sing_plur	4027
Many countries restrict the movement of accredited diplomats .	Many countries restrict the movements of accredited diplomats .	sing_plur	4029
He is shown here in the playoff why he should .	He is shown here in the playoffs why he should .	sing_plur	4030
This is like taking a speech and removing many of the sentence .	This is like taking a speech and removing many of the sentences .	sing_plur	4032
After that , the family will have to pick up the cost themselves .	After that , the families will have to pick up the cost themselves .	sing_plur	4033
The Minister gave directives for speedy execution of the project .	The Minister gave directives for speedy execution of the projects .	sing_plur	4036
Of course I understand the anxiety of the striker .	Of course I understand the anxiety of the strikers .	sing_plur	4037
Two of the goal he allowed came on the power play .	Two of the goals he allowed came on the power play .	sing_plur	4038
The Phillies lead the major with 45 come-from-behind wins .	The Phillies lead the majors with 45 come-from-behind wins .	sing_plur	4040
The incident inspired plenty of mock rebukes from the hip-hopper in attendance .	The incident inspired plenty of mock rebukes from the hip-hoppers in attendance .	sing_plur	4041
Never look at the wife of friends .	Never look at the wives of friends .	sing_plur	4042
ICF said it had addressed the problem .	ICF said it had addressed the problems .	sing_plur	4046
The storm spawned a tornado in Pensacola , Fla .	The storms spawned a tornado in Pensacola , Fla .	sing_plur	4047
Here 's where you put the adjective .	Here 's where you put the adjectives .	sing_plur	4048
I am going to play with the other kid .	I am going to play with the other kids .	sing_plur	4049
Justice Reichbach sent him to meet with the lawyer .	Justice Reichbach sent him to meet with the lawyers .	sing_plur	4051
The page supposedly even have Lo 's sperm on them .	The pages supposedly even have Lo 's sperm on them .	sing_plur	4052
The team combined to use 14 pitchers .	The teams combined to use 14 pitchers .	sing_plur	4053
They stopped short of blaming the union .	They stopped short of blaming the unions .	sing_plur	4054
Those angry feelings were reflected in his school paper , the source said .	Those angry feelings were reflected in his school paper , the sources said .	sing_plur	4055
The organizer improvised with a small car .	The organizers improvised with a small car .	sing_plur	4056
It set a November 16 deadline for the company to respond .	It set a November 16 deadline for the companies to respond .	sing_plur	4058
EST to discuss the result .	EST to discuss the results .	sing_plur	4059
Hulley did not provide details of the charge .	Hulley did not provide details of the charges .	sing_plur	4061
The kid can move to different rooms as the game continues .	The kids can move to different rooms as the game continues .	sing_plur	4063
Change is slow to reach the village .	Change is slow to reach the villages .	sing_plur	4064
Some farmers are trying to change the rule .	Some farmers are trying to change the rules .	sing_plur	4066
The exercise price of the warrant will be $ 2.77 per share .	The exercise price of the warrants will be $ 2.77 per share .	sing_plur	4067
One lawsuit was filed on behalf of the son .	One lawsuit was filed on behalf of the sons .	sing_plur	4068
Stockman has denied the charge .	Stockman has denied the charges .	sing_plur	4069
There were lines outside and inside the woman 's room .	There were lines outside and inside the women 's room .	sing_plur	4070
She taps the brake .	She taps the brakes .	sing_plur	4071
The crews are needed to monitor the system .	The crews are needed to monitor the systems .	sing_plur	4072
The song made Boyd an icon through the words of others .	The songs made Boyd an icon through the words of others .	sing_plur	4073
Government officials said 12,000 people were evacuated after the blast .	Government officials said 12,000 people were evacuated after the blasts .	sing_plur	4074
About a dozen relatives of the victim attended Thursday 's session .	About a dozen relatives of the victims attended Thursday 's session .	sing_plur	4075
Something similar happened to the leftist Sandinista in Nicaragua .	Something similar happened to the leftist Sandinistas in Nicaragua .	sing_plur	4076
Along with the Tory , they will vote against the bill .	Along with the Tories , they will vote against the bill .	sing_plur	4078
The defendant could be sentenced to life in prison if convicted .	The defendants could be sentenced to life in prison if convicted .	sing_plur	4079
The sister did not identify Goudeau in photo lineups after the attack .	The sisters did not identify Goudeau in photo lineups after the attack .	sing_plur	4081
The dugout and bullpens emptied , but no punches were thrown .	The dugouts and bullpens emptied , but no punches were thrown .	sing_plur	4082
He also spent time in the minor with Texas and Toronto .	He also spent time in the minors with Texas and Toronto .	sing_plur	4085
Tom and Kay Lammers were among those heading for the door .	Tom and Kay Lammers were among those heading for the doors .	sing_plur	4086
It was not clear how far he had traveled along the track .	It was not clear how far he had traveled along the tracks .	sing_plur	4087
The government of Jamaica and Cuba issued tropical storm watches in their countries .	The governments of Jamaica and Cuba issued tropical storm watches in their countries .	sing_plur	4088
The most recent law formally established the military tribunal .	The most recent law formally established the military tribunals .	sing_plur	4089
I think that they won the war of the headline .	I think that they won the war of the headlines .	sing_plur	4090
The verbal attack caused Colon to pull her son out of the school .	The verbal attacks caused Colon to pull her son out of the school .	sing_plur	4091
Tests were carried out after the animal displayed clinical signs of the disease .	Tests were carried out after the animals displayed clinical signs of the disease .	sing_plur	4093
The editor could not acknowledge their mugging by reality .	The editors could not acknowledge their mugging by reality .	sing_plur	4095
Those are the measure of success and failure for culture .	Those are the measures of success and failure for culture .	sing_plur	4096
Many of the soldier here today said that Thanksgiving meant football and beer .	Many of the soldiers here today said that Thanksgiving meant football and beer .	sing_plur	4098
But the event of that night still haunt him .	But the events of that night still haunt him .	sing_plur	4099
Rigorous reporting unearths new findings among the old issue .	Rigorous reporting unearths new findings among the old issues .	sing_plur	4100
The transplant occurred in January at three Chicago hospitals .	The transplants occurred in January at three Chicago hospitals .	sing_plur	4101
It certainly looked that way against the Duck .	It certainly looked that way against the Ducks .	sing_plur	4102
St. Louis , meanwhile , is used to being in the playoff .	St. Louis , meanwhile , is used to being in the playoffs .	sing_plur	4103
All shareholders were assessed the cost of that work .	All shareholders were assessed the costs of that work .	sing_plur	4105
Elissa Gootman describes the result of the audit .	Elissa Gootman describes the results of the audit .	sing_plur	4106
Passersby stopped and prayed with the monk .	Passersby stopped and prayed with the monks .	sing_plur	4108
Alternatively , the root may be too wet .	Alternatively , the roots may be too wet .	sing_plur	4109
Succar Kuri has denied the charge .	Succar Kuri has denied the charges .	sing_plur	4110
But he made clear that the change would not challenge one-party rule .	But he made clear that the changes would not challenge one-party rule .	sing_plur	4112
The parallel surrounding this start were unmistakable .	The parallels surrounding this start were unmistakable .	sing_plur	4113
The song performed are vulgar .	The songs performed are vulgar .	sing_plur	4114
The project examined by the inspector general began during Duncan 's tenure .	The projects examined by the inspector general began during Duncan 's tenure .	sing_plur	4116
Strong , hot winds have spread the flame .	Strong , hot winds have spread the flames .	sing_plur	4117
First come the grumbling , then the torches and pitchforks .	First come the grumblings , then the torches and pitchforks .	sing_plur	4118
They were the only one who responded to my e-mail request .	They were the only ones who responded to my e-mail request .	sing_plur	4119
Before the fire , she earned $ 1,200 to $ 1,500 each month .	Before the fires , she earned $ 1,200 to $ 1,500 each month .	sing_plur	4120
Meanwhile , the politician had fled the scene .	Meanwhile , the politicians had fled the scene .	sing_plur	4123
Beijing time to discuss the quarterly result .	Beijing time to discuss the quarterly results .	sing_plur	4125
The price paid index fell to 63 , down from 65 .	The prices paid index fell to 63 , down from 65 .	sing_plur	4129
What it would do is turn Baghdad over to the extremist .	What it would do is turn Baghdad over to the extremists .	sing_plur	4133
Adoption directly impacts the life of millions of people .	Adoption directly impacts the lives of millions of people .	sing_plur	4134
The team combined to go 5 for 12 on the power play .	The teams combined to go 5 for 12 on the power play .	sing_plur	4135
They 've done their best to address the challenge of the day .	They 've done their best to address the challenges of the day .	sing_plur	4136
From here you reach the new gallery for temporary shows .	From here you reach the new galleries for temporary shows .	sing_plur	4137
He has taken steps to protect the vine .	He has taken steps to protect the vines .	sing_plur	4138
But the family of the fallen heroes say otherwise .	But the families of the fallen heroes say otherwise .	sing_plur	4139
The performance raised some eyebrows but he always shrugged off the criticism .	The performances raised some eyebrows but he always shrugged off the criticism .	sing_plur	4140
The Bank has laid out clearly the lesson of the past few months .	The Bank has laid out clearly the lessons of the past few months .	sing_plur	4141
South Africa remained unchanged , leaving veteran all-rounder Shaun Pollock on the sideline .	South Africa remained unchanged , leaving veteran all-rounder Shaun Pollock on the sidelines .	sing_plur	4142
But the answer set their heads to throbbing .	But the answers set their heads to throbbing .	sing_plur	4143
As does his performance in the big league .	As does his performance in the big leagues .	sing_plur	4145
We knew we were the target .	We knew we were the targets .	sing_plur	4146
On average , the volunteer lost a few pounds .	On average , the volunteers lost a few pounds .	sing_plur	4147
They are doing the simple thing well .	They are doing the simple things well .	sing_plur	4148
You do not need the prop .	You do not need the props .	sing_plur	4149
Just like it was for Spurrier in his days with the Gator .	Just like it was for Spurrier in his days with the Gators .	sing_plur	4150
The administration does not want any oversight of the Congress or the court .	The administration does not want any oversight of the Congress or the courts .	sing_plur	4151
Investors and analysts alike will undoubtedly be watching the number closely .	Investors and analysts alike will undoubtedly be watching the numbers closely .	sing_plur	4152
You may not know about the other televised option though .	You may not know about the other televised options though .	sing_plur	4154
We all have to get used to the win and the losses .	We all have to get used to the wins and the losses .	sing_plur	4155
The National Association of Realtors is among the strong supporter of the legislation .	The National Association of Realtors is among the strong supporters of the legislation .	sing_plur	4156
But trouble at the pump could help win more handouts .	But trouble at the pumps could help win more handouts .	sing_plur	4157
He turns to the reporter .	He turns to the reporters .	sing_plur	4158
To calm the tension , Chavez dispatched Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro .	To calm the tensions , Chavez dispatched Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro .	sing_plur	4159
About 600 more were injured in a mad rush for the exit .	About 600 more were injured in a mad rush for the exits .	sing_plur	4160
Late Tuesday , McCain said he had not yet seen the remark .	Late Tuesday , McCain said he had not yet seen the remarks .	sing_plur	4161
The member declined to comment further .	The members declined to comment further .	sing_plur	4164
At a personal level , the man never recovered .	At a personal level , the men never recovered .	sing_plur	4165
The people responsible for improving St. Francis 's reputation are the player .	The people responsible for improving St. Francis 's reputation are the players .	sing_plur	4167
And ultimately the lender jumped the shark .	And ultimately the lenders jumped the shark .	sing_plur	4168
We are covering double the place .	We are covering double the places .	sing_plur	4175
Still , the tape produced sentiments that overwhelm even resentment toward Washington .	Still , the tapes produced sentiments that overwhelm even resentment toward Washington .	sing_plur	4176
" We will take our revenge , " the mourner chanted .	" We will take our revenge , " the mourners chanted .	sing_plur	4177
The researcher found more than 1,000 candidate genes .	The researchers found more than 1,000 candidate genes .	sing_plur	4178
The word could be bureaucratese for something as innocuous as a tax deduction .	The words could be bureaucratese for something as innocuous as a tax deduction .	sing_plur	4179
The shooting took place in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square .	The shootings took place in Baghdad 's Nisoor Square .	sing_plur	4180
The author stressed the importance of forces maintaining standards in recording crime data .	The authors stressed the importance of forces maintaining standards in recording crime data .	sing_plur	4182
Todeschini adds the extra .	Todeschini adds the extras .	sing_plur	4183
Among the absentee will be Dodi 's father , Egyptian-born Mohammed al-Fayed .	Among the absentees will be Dodi 's father , Egyptian-born Mohammed al-Fayed .	sing_plur	4184
Tickets for the presentation will be $ 20 .	Tickets for the presentations will be $ 20 .	sing_plur	4185
Two telescopes were needed to see the black hole .	Two telescopes were needed to see the black holes .	sing_plur	4186
Telephone listings could not be found for the man .	Telephone listings could not be found for the men .	sing_plur	4187
Jetstar 's StarClass is typical of the new discounted premium-class cabin .	Jetstar 's StarClass is typical of the new discounted premium-class cabins .	sing_plur	4188
Councillors will meet on Thursday to vote on the plan .	Councillors will meet on Thursday to vote on the plans .	sing_plur	4190
Or it could be the medium 's fault .	Or it could be the media 's fault .	sing_plur	4191
People are becoming more familiar with the individual network .	People are becoming more familiar with the individual networks .	sing_plur	4192
Because these are the fact .	Because these are the facts .	sing_plur	4193
This exposure is undoubtedly good for the artist .	This exposure is undoubtedly good for the artists .	sing_plur	4194
More important , he assailed the medium from the left .	More important , he assailed the media from the left .	sing_plur	4195
Investor 's cheered the result , sending Samsung 's stock price higher .	Investor 's cheered the results , sending Samsung 's stock price higher .	sing_plur	4196
You already know the main one .	You already know the main ones .	sing_plur	4197
But the player showed unusual enthusiasm .	But the players showed unusual enthusiasm .	sing_plur	4199
He does the little thing .	He does the little things .	sing_plur	4200
The candidate had not been told in advance .	The candidates had not been told in advance .	sing_plur	4201
The heresy piled up .	The heresies piled up .	sing_plur	4203
But Pensioner Affairs Minister Rafi Eitan confirmed the project .	But Pensioner Affairs Minister Rafi Eitan confirmed the projects .	sing_plur	4204
There is no charge for the balloon or the message tags .	There is no charge for the balloons or the message tags .	sing_plur	4205
So , whoops , there go the consultant .	So , whoops , there go the consultants .	sing_plur	4206
The cheer followed him all day in the BMW Championship .	The cheers followed him all day in the BMW Championship .	sing_plur	4207
You can see it in the survey .	You can see it in the surveys .	sing_plur	4208
John White asked the boy to leave .	John White asked the boys to leave .	sing_plur	4209
The Australian lost five wickets during Friday 's two sessions of play .	The Australians lost five wickets during Friday 's two sessions of play .	sing_plur	4211
The Predator held a 33-27 advantage in shots on goal .	The Predators held a 33-27 advantage in shots on goal .	sing_plur	4213
Forgive me , but pedestrians were not the culprit here .	Forgive me , but pedestrians were not the culprits here .	sing_plur	4214
The result proved him right .	The results proved him right .	sing_plur	4217
Journalists from The Associated Press accompanied the officer who made the arrest .	Journalists from The Associated Press accompanied the officers who made the arrest .	sing_plur	4219
" We play practice rounds with the guy , " Singh said .	" We play practice rounds with the guys , " Singh said .	sing_plur	4220
Minaya declined to disclose why the talk dissolved .	Minaya declined to disclose why the talks dissolved .	sing_plur	4221
The server moved like ghosts and were in perfect sync .	The servers moved like ghosts and were in perfect sync .	sing_plur	4222
He has killed many deer over the year .	He has killed many deer over the years .	sing_plur	4223
Each of the main party backs a different solution .	Each of the main parties backs a different solution .	sing_plur	4225
Trading volume was thin heading into the holiday .	Trading volume was thin heading into the holidays .	sing_plur	4226
The Nadal-Gasquet winner will join Ferrer in the semifinal .	The Nadal-Gasquet winner will join Ferrer in the semifinals .	sing_plur	4228
Twice the agreement they started unraveled .	Twice the agreements they started unraveled .	sing_plur	4232
Wednesday 's statement outlines the next step in the February deal .	Wednesday 's statement outlines the next steps in the February deal .	sing_plur	4238
The researcher concluded that the benefit was outweighed by the risk .	The researchers concluded that the benefit was outweighed by the risk .	sing_plur	4240
Charges have so far been dropped against three of the man .	Charges have so far been dropped against three of the men .	sing_plur	4241
But the scale of the resulting flow amazed the scientist .	But the scale of the resulting flow amazed the scientists .	sing_plur	4242
Fixed mortgage rates are closely related to the yield on long-term government bonds .	Fixed mortgage rates are closely related to the yields on long-term government bonds .	sing_plur	4243
Keep the blade sharp .	Keep the blades sharp .	sing_plur	4244
" " The concern about safety may make doctors shy away .	" " The concerns about safety may make doctors shy away .	sing_plur	4245
The Democratic candidate showed up for both events .	The Democratic candidates showed up for both events .	sing_plur	4247
These dogs are the real victim .	These dogs are the real victims .	sing_plur	4248
It can put the brake on even the best .	It can put the brakes on even the best .	sing_plur	4249
The umpire first ruled Youkilis safe , prompting an argument by Torre .	The umpires first ruled Youkilis safe , prompting an argument by Torre .	sing_plur	4250
And do not forget to factor in the cost of selling the property .	And do not forget to factor in the costs of selling the property .	sing_plur	4252
That was simply an average of the response .	That was simply an average of the responses .	sing_plur	4253
Emily Chang gives us some more background on the protest .	Emily Chang gives us some more background on the protests .	sing_plur	4254
No information was obtained about dates , names or locations of the attack .	No information was obtained about dates , names or locations of the attacks .	sing_plur	4255
But the injury kept coming and players wondered who would be next .	But the injuries kept coming and players wondered who would be next .	sing_plur	4257
Ultimate responsibility for the shooting rests squarely on Cho .	Ultimate responsibility for the shootings rests squarely on Cho .	sing_plur	4258
Some of the woman came from Diwaniyah , most from Karbala .	Some of the women came from Diwaniyah , most from Karbala .	sing_plur	4259
Make the right choice .	Make the right choices .	sing_plur	4261
The pilot trusted you .	The pilots trusted you .	sing_plur	4262
The teen wanted to confront White 's son .	The teens wanted to confront White 's son .	sing_plur	4263
It did not specify the carrier operating those planes .	It did not specify the carriers operating those planes .	sing_plur	4265
Her lawyer asked that Spears be allowed overnight visits with the boy .	Her lawyer asked that Spears be allowed overnight visits with the boys .	sing_plur	4266
The court was told that the boy was sickened by the message .	The court was told that the boy was sickened by the messages .	sing_plur	4267
They became the Jet in 1963 .	They became the Jets in 1963 .	sing_plur	4268
Click here to see photos of some of the contestant .	Click here to see photos of some of the contestants .	sing_plur	4269
It is reflected in the medium and scholarly journals .	It is reflected in the media and scholarly journals .	sing_plur	4270
The risk and uncertainties set forth above are not exhaustive .	The risks and uncertainties set forth above are not exhaustive .	sing_plur	4271
He declined to identify any of the coach .	He declined to identify any of the coaches .	sing_plur	4272
" These are not evidence , " Dixon said of the animation .	" These are not evidence , " Dixon said of the animations .	sing_plur	4274
It was not just the manager who had distractions to deal with .	It was not just the managers who had distractions to deal with .	sing_plur	4275
From the seat it sounded good .	From the seats it sounded good .	sing_plur	4277
Coppin State never challenged the Hoosier again .	Coppin State never challenged the Hoosiers again .	sing_plur	4278
I am from the northern area of Pakistan .	I am from the northern areas of Pakistan .	sing_plur	4279
1482 - Portuguese navigator Diogo Cao explores the coastal area .	1482 - Portuguese navigator Diogo Cao explores the coastal areas .	sing_plur	4280
He said he had instructed his grown children never to sell the property .	He said he had instructed his grown children never to sell the properties .	sing_plur	4281
The building will add to the supply of similarly priced apartments .	The buildings will add to the supply of similarly priced apartments .	sing_plur	4283
So far , I have not mentioned the film .	So far , I have not mentioned the films .	sing_plur	4284
We are confident that we can bring that out in the debate .	We are confident that we can bring that out in the debates .	sing_plur	4287
They report the finding in the Journal of Clinical Oncology .	They report the findings in the Journal of Clinical Oncology .	sing_plur	4289
In July , the Supreme Court hosted a national summit on the killing .	In July , the Supreme Court hosted a national summit on the killings .	sing_plur	4290
He smiles and cuffs Kalani around the shoulder .	He smiles and cuffs Kalani around the shoulders .	sing_plur	4291
Police said they were unable to obtain a description of the burglar .	Police said they were unable to obtain a description of the burglars .	sing_plur	4292
It took awhile for the deed to match the words .	It took awhile for the deeds to match the words .	sing_plur	4293
They did not make the decision they should have .	They did not make the decisions they should have .	sing_plur	4294
The justice will now likely confront that question .	The justices will now likely confront that question .	sing_plur	4297
" I would have been nobody without the masse , " he said .	" I would have been nobody without the masses , " he said .	sing_plur	4298
Grassi said the alleged leader met while attending university in Nigeria .	Grassi said the alleged leaders met while attending university in Nigeria .	sing_plur	4299
Early 1600s - African and American Indian slaves are brought to the island .	Early 1600s - African and American Indian slaves are brought to the islands .	sing_plur	4300
School maintenance workers resumed responsibility for the building in 1997 .	School maintenance workers resumed responsibility for the buildings in 1997 .	sing_plur	4303
They have the same problem of boyfriends and bosses .	They have the same problems of boyfriends and bosses .	sing_plur	4304
Business is bustling since the recent recall of millions of toys .	Business is bustling since the recent recalls of millions of toys .	sing_plur	4305
Lucas County Children Services placed the child with another family .	Lucas County Children Services placed the children with another family .	sing_plur	4306
Walters maintained that state law blocked him from charging anyone over the noose .	Walters maintained that state law blocked him from charging anyone over the nooses .	sing_plur	4308
The buyer will assume $ 8 billion in debt .	The buyers will assume $ 8 billion in debt .	sing_plur	4309
But I have indicated the several area of engagement .	But I have indicated the several areas of engagement .	sing_plur	4310
Industry watchers say the drink cost about 50 cents less than at Starbucks .	Industry watchers say the drinks cost about 50 cents less than at Starbucks .	sing_plur	4314
Instead , we kept the pressure on the terrorist .	Instead , we kept the pressure on the terrorists .	sing_plur	4315
The bicyclist pursued the car and caught up with it .	The bicyclists pursued the car and caught up with it .	sing_plur	4316
The cat all disappeared from homes in Sycamore Close and Porch Farm Close .	The cats all disappeared from homes in Sycamore Close and Porch Farm Close .	sing_plur	4317
Asked why this was , the scientist offered a few theories .	Asked why this was , the scientists offered a few theories .	sing_plur	4318
And think of the rating .	And think of the ratings .	sing_plur	4319
" " They do the little thing very well .	" " They do the little things very well .	sing_plur	4321
We had the best toy of all .	We had the best toys of all .	sing_plur	4322
General Manager Brian Cashman wants to hold on to the young pitcher .	General Manager Brian Cashman wants to hold on to the young pitchers .	sing_plur	4323
It is also important for each format to woo the studio .	It is also important for each format to woo the studios .	sing_plur	4324
The Center for Retirement Research at Boston College has crunched the number .	The Center for Retirement Research at Boston College has crunched the numbers .	sing_plur	4325
But the Europeans are not the only one pushing the technology .	But the Europeans are not the only ones pushing the technology .	sing_plur	4326
There was no mistaking the wound of Cambodian-American Sgt. Pisey Tan .	There was no mistaking the wounds of Cambodian-American Sgt. Pisey Tan .	sing_plur	4327
She then took to the street and never looked back .	She then took to the streets and never looked back .	sing_plur	4328
The report could not immediately be confirmed with Turkish authorities .	The reports could not immediately be confirmed with Turkish authorities .	sing_plur	4329
The child weighed at least 65 percent more than their recommended weight .	The children weighed at least 65 percent more than their recommended weight .	sing_plur	4330
Still , not everybody was heeding the call to head for higher ground .	Still , not everybody was heeding the calls to head for higher ground .	sing_plur	4331
Meals are served in the cell .	Meals are served in the cells .	sing_plur	4332
She said the asset in question included gas infrastructure .	She said the assets in question included gas infrastructure .	sing_plur	4334
Corzine 's office did not immediately respond to the Republican demand .	Corzine 's office did not immediately respond to the Republican demands .	sing_plur	4336
There is a waiting list to fill the available position .	There is a waiting list to fill the available positions .	sing_plur	4337
Most of the death occurred outside of Baghdad .	Most of the deaths occurred outside of Baghdad .	sing_plur	4338
Amy 's counter-voice decisively answers the amoral certainty of Kliman .	Amy 's counter-voice decisively answers the amoral certainties of Kliman .	sing_plur	4339
Alaska also had the highest rate of breast cancer .	Alaska also had the highest rates of breast cancer .	sing_plur	4340
Talks are continuing between the council and the union over the proposal .	Talks are continuing between the council and the union over the proposals .	sing_plur	4341
The borough council is due to discuss the plan on Wednesday evening .	The borough council is due to discuss the plans on Wednesday evening .	sing_plur	4342
The death began following the funeral of two village chiefs .	The deaths began following the funeral of two village chiefs .	sing_plur	4343
Here is a timeline of the account reported by CNN .	Here is a timeline of the accounts reported by CNN .	sing_plur	4345
But look at the fact .	But look at the facts .	sing_plur	4346
The fund went towards running costs and providing vital medical equipment .	The funds went towards running costs and providing vital medical equipment .	sing_plur	4350
Win the Heart of Afghans .	Win the Hearts of Afghans .	sing_plur	4351
The moon , obeying his command , goes behind the cloud .	The moon , obeying his command , goes behind the clouds .	sing_plur	4352
Hall said he stayed and ate without speaking to the other .	Hall said he stayed and ate without speaking to the others .	sing_plur	4353
It was not immediately clear what would happen to the banana .	It was not immediately clear what would happen to the bananas .	sing_plur	4355
He would not disclose the specific charge .	He would not disclose the specific charges .	sing_plur	4356
The state maintains tight control of the medium .	The state maintains tight control of the media .	sing_plur	4357
Many of the aide who helped Edwards in 2004 had quit .	Many of the aides who helped Edwards in 2004 had quit .	sing_plur	4359
I found myself wrestling with them instead of the enemy .	I found myself wrestling with them instead of the enemies .	sing_plur	4360
Drivers were squeezing in between the car .	Drivers were squeezing in between the cars .	sing_plur	4361
There are those who say the lawn did him in .	There are those who say the lawns did him in .	sing_plur	4362
It is the safety and welfare of the child .	It is the safety and welfare of the children .	sing_plur	4363
It turns out T. rex could have outrun some of the buffest athlete .	It turns out T. rex could have outrun some of the buffest athletes .	sing_plur	4365
A negative note from analysts at HSBC put further pressure on the bank .	A negative note from analysts at HSBC put further pressure on the banks .	sing_plur	4366
They struggled to loosen some of the bolt .	They struggled to loosen some of the bolts .	sing_plur	4367
The option that Mr. Mozilo is exercising do not expire until 2011 .	The options that Mr. Mozilo is exercising do not expire until 2011 .	sing_plur	4368
Yesterday afternoon I saw Michael Kors ' show in the tent .	Yesterday afternoon I saw Michael Kors ' show in the tents .	sing_plur	4369
There would be no need to mend the tear .	There would be no need to mend the tears .	sing_plur	4371
Retailer Target reported some of the worst result .	Retailer Target reported some of the worst results .	sing_plur	4373
Even the heckler seemed thwarted by the repetitiveness .	Even the hecklers seemed thwarted by the repetitiveness .	sing_plur	4374
Many Muslims considered the drawing blasphemous .	Many Muslims considered the drawings blasphemous .	sing_plur	4375
If the Hess hated populism , they also hated elitism .	If the Hesses hated populism , they also hated elitism .	sing_plur	4377
The Duck jumped ahead 21-3 and never trailed .	The Ducks jumped ahead 21-3 and never trailed .	sing_plur	4379
I can relate to the man in this article .	I can relate to the men in this article .	sing_plur	4381
But Mr. Bon Jovi dismissed the rumor .	But Mr. Bon Jovi dismissed the rumors .	sing_plur	4382
We would be in a support role for the Iraqi .	We would be in a support role for the Iraqis .	sing_plur	4383
So I am going to have to pay the bill .	So I am going to have to pay the bills .	sing_plur	4384
The biggest and best-known of the company is Blackwater .	The biggest and best-known of the companies is Blackwater .	sing_plur	4387
He has been instructed by his lawyers not to talk to the medium .	He has been instructed by his lawyers not to talk to the media .	sing_plur	4389
National broadcaster NHK showed the pilot jumping from the burning plane .	National broadcaster NHK showed the pilots jumping from the burning plane .	sing_plur	4391
Iran has always denied the charge .	Iran has always denied the charges .	sing_plur	4392
Sometimes it gets confusing with the high lob .	Sometimes it gets confusing with the high lobs .	sing_plur	4395
Let us find the answer .	Let us find the answers .	sing_plur	4396
The experience of Pakistan is that terrorism is a complicated phenomenon .	The experiences of Pakistan is that terrorism is a complicated phenomenon .	sing_plur	4397
It said tests indicated that there were no adverse effects on the patient .	It said tests indicated that there were no adverse effects on the patients .	sing_plur	4398
He has watched the neighborhood come full circle over the decade .	He has watched the neighborhood come full circle over the decades .	sing_plur	4400
First there are the open seat .	First there are the open seats .	sing_plur	4401
Call off the horse , her mother told me .	Call off the horses , her mother told me .	sing_plur	4402
The raid in the Iraqi capital took place at two locations .	The raids in the Iraqi capital took place at two locations .	sing_plur	4405
The asterisk represents the voice of the fan at this moment in time .	The asterisk represents the voice of the fans at this moment in time .	sing_plur	4406
Luckily she gave me the 411 on the easy fix .	Luckily she gave me the 411 on the easy fixes .	sing_plur	4407
You just see a glimmer of gold through the tiny opening .	You just see a glimmer of gold through the tiny openings .	sing_plur	4408
And then they opened up with the grenade again .	And then they opened up with the grenades again .	sing_plur	4409
Authorities were looking into how the dog died .	Authorities were looking into how the dogs died .	sing_plur	4410
The paper to detain her were signed by her father .	The papers to detain her were signed by her father .	sing_plur	4411
The child cannot understand her need to escape .	The children cannot understand her need to escape .	sing_plur	4412
Bush said the legislation did not put the neediest child first .	Bush said the legislation did not put the neediest children first .	sing_plur	4413
While the reasons are debatable , no one can argue with the result .	While the reasons are debatable , no one can argue with the results .	sing_plur	4415
Clear signs of tension The tension sometimes spills into the street .	Clear signs of tension The tension sometimes spills into the streets .	sing_plur	4416
" I cannot give you the specific , " he said .	" I cannot give you the specifics , " he said .	sing_plur	4417
SAN DIEGO - They know what the wind can do .	SAN DIEGO - They know what the winds can do .	sing_plur	4419
It is the farm all over again .	It is the farms all over again .	sing_plur	4420
Plaintiffs ' attorney Raymond Boucher led the legal team representing the victim .	Plaintiffs ' attorney Raymond Boucher led the legal team representing the victims .	sing_plur	4421
The fear of being forgotten after death is endemic in the creative art .	The fear of being forgotten after death is endemic in the creative arts .	sing_plur	4422
But you already knew that from the tabloid headline .	But you already knew that from the tabloid headlines .	sing_plur	4423
The Peabody trinkets were the lucky one .	The Peabody trinkets were the lucky ones .	sing_plur	4424
Police have not addressed whether the victim had teased the tiger .	Police have not addressed whether the victims had teased the tiger .	sing_plur	4425
Pricing has changed in the market .	Pricing has changed in the markets .	sing_plur	4426
The other case could go on for years .	The other cases could go on for years .	sing_plur	4427
The scan also uncovered 32 tumors .	The scans also uncovered 32 tumors .	sing_plur	4428
I pray that he makes the right decision for the American people .	I pray that he makes the right decisions for the American people .	sing_plur	4429
Many measurements have undergone makeovers over the year .	Many measurements have undergone makeovers over the years .	sing_plur	4430
There is particular interest in conditions in the focal point of the surge .	There is particular interest in conditions in the focal points of the surge .	sing_plur	4431
The cycle has held up with environmental issues over the year .	The cycle has held up with environmental issues over the years .	sing_plur	4432
And Warner Home Video has not skimped on the extra .	And Warner Home Video has not skimped on the extras .	sing_plur	4433
Venezuelan officials have denied the allegation .	Venezuelan officials have denied the allegations .	sing_plur	4434
Then there were the workout .	Then there were the workouts .	sing_plur	4435
He said the extraordinary measure would be in place as long as necessary .	He said the extraordinary measures would be in place as long as necessary .	sing_plur	4436
The private Dogan news agency reported the death of 15 rebels .	The private Dogan news agency reported the deaths of 15 rebels .	sing_plur	4437
Some of the girl testified they were assaulted multiple times over several years .	Some of the girls testified they were assaulted multiple times over several years .	sing_plur	4438
The government denied the claim .	The government denied the claims .	sing_plur	4439
But whatever the motivation , it is all about the name .	But whatever the motivation , it is all about the names .	sing_plur	4440
146 BC - Carthage falls to the Roman .	146 BC - Carthage falls to the Romans .	sing_plur	4443
But Dawson and the official would not let it happen .	But Dawson and the officials would not let it happen .	sing_plur	4444
Penn was eventually chosen from among the suitor .	Penn was eventually chosen from among the suitors .	sing_plur	4446
Lyons said that officials have recovered the stolen weapon .	Lyons said that officials have recovered the stolen weapons .	sing_plur	4449
Mr Cameron led the call for an election .	Mr Cameron led the calls for an election .	sing_plur	4450
He also beat Nadal in straight sets in the quarter-final at Madrid .	He also beat Nadal in straight sets in the quarter-finals at Madrid .	sing_plur	4451
Look what happened in the Falkland in 1992 .	Look what happened in the Falklands in 1992 .	sing_plur	4452
On the railway the pressure is already building .	On the railways the pressure is already building .	sing_plur	4454
You 've got to be told the detail .	You 've got to be told the details .	sing_plur	4458
Francis ' attorneys declined a request from the newspaper to discuss the allegation .	Francis ' attorneys declined a request from the newspaper to discuss the allegations .	sing_plur	4459
The ECK denied any malpractice but also lamented the delay .	The ECK denied any malpractice but also lamented the delays .	sing_plur	4460
Ibragimov 's faster hands and feet kept him ahead on the scorecard .	Ibragimov 's faster hands and feet kept him ahead on the scorecards .	sing_plur	4461
The reason for that is that the sanction spread like a virus .	The reason for that is that the sanctions spread like a virus .	sing_plur	4464
Sen. Obama trails Sen. Hillary Clinton , D-N.Y. , in the poll .	Sen. Obama trails Sen. Hillary Clinton , D-N.Y. , in the polls .	sing_plur	4465
Many people spend the night under the sky .	Many people spend the nights under the sky .	sing_plur	4470
However only a small percentage of these novices remain in the monastery .	However only a small percentage of these novices remain in the monasteries .	sing_plur	4471
There was light coming from the window .	There was light coming from the windows .	sing_plur	4472
He would not answer questions from reporters about the charge .	He would not answer questions from reporters about the charges .	sing_plur	4473
And Christian has always said that through the year .	And Christian has always said that through the years .	sing_plur	4474
As do the worker .	As do the workers .	sing_plur	4475
" I let guys I trusted see the car , " he says .	" I let guys I trusted see the cars , " he says .	sing_plur	4477
The student said they will hold off on a protest .	The students said they will hold off on a protest .	sing_plur	4478
Look , you cannot con the voter .	Look , you cannot con the voters .	sing_plur	4479
Dillon said some of the item had been recovered .	Dillon said some of the items had been recovered .	sing_plur	4480
Lucas , 63 , already has another television series in the work .	Lucas , 63 , already has another television series in the works .	sing_plur	4481
BBC Wales 's news online service have the figure in full .	BBC Wales 's news online service have the figures in full .	sing_plur	4482
( But ) we have not yet touched the core issue .	( But ) we have not yet touched the core issues .	sing_plur	4483
The superstar , in turn , attract other good faculty and students .	The superstars , in turn , attract other good faculty and students .	sing_plur	4484
What has changed are the passenger .	What has changed are the passengers .	sing_plur	4485
Johansson won the second single on Friday against James Blake .	Johansson won the second singles on Friday against James Blake .	sing_plur	4487
Its predictive and comparative value is also limited for the same reason .	Its predictive and comparative value is also limited for the same reasons .	sing_plur	4488
The event should not have come as a surprise to administration officials .	The events should not have come as a surprise to administration officials .	sing_plur	4491
At least another 17 people were injured in the blaze .	At least another 17 people were injured in the blazes .	sing_plur	4492
I even get a mindless buzz out of the hacking mini-game .	I even get a mindless buzz out of the hacking mini-games .	sing_plur	4495
The rape occurred in Milwaukee between March 1994 and January 1995 .	The rapes occurred in Milwaukee between March 1994 and January 1995 .	sing_plur	4496
Nobody believes the official reason given for this action .	Nobody believes the official reasons given for this action .	sing_plur	4498
But have the case of former Rep. Mark Foley , R-Fla .	But have the cases of former Rep. Mark Foley , R-Fla .	sing_plur	4499
It just was not in the card .	It just was not in the cards .	sing_plur	4500
KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne disagreed with the finding .	KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne disagreed with the findings .	sing_plur	4501
The percentage stated in this earnings release are calculated based on Renminbi .	The percentages stated in this earnings release are calculated based on Renminbi .	sing_plur	4502
The spokesman , Russell Perreault , said Mr. Lebrecht had requested the change .	The spokesman , Russell Perreault , said Mr. Lebrecht had requested the changes .	sing_plur	4505
The member should have the charts in front of them .	The members should have the charts in front of them .	sing_plur	4509
' " I do not do any of this for the thrill .	' " I do not do any of this for the thrills .	sing_plur	4510
They are passing around Champagne during the match .	They are passing around Champagne during the matches .	sing_plur	4511
And you saw the result .	And you saw the results .	sing_plur	4512
A government spokeswoman said the prisoner could be freed by Tuesday evening .	A government spokeswoman said the prisoners could be freed by Tuesday evening .	sing_plur	4515
The name of the game is to win the primary .	The name of the game is to win the primaries .	sing_plur	4518
Go and have lunch with the kid .	Go and have lunch with the kids .	sing_plur	4519
The Roman built huge complexes around the springs .	The Romans built huge complexes around the springs .	sing_plur	4522
The disappointment in " American Sligo " come from what it lacks .	The disappointments in " American Sligo " come from what it lacks .	sing_plur	4523
Bonzi Wells added 14 points and 15 rebounds for the Rocket .	Bonzi Wells added 14 points and 15 rebounds for the Rockets .	sing_plur	4526
The move is also part of a long-term reorganization of the armed force .	The move is also part of a long-term reorganization of the armed forces .	sing_plur	4527
As far as I was concerned , the little thing did not matter .	As far as I was concerned , the little things did not matter .	sing_plur	4530
Tehran and Damascus have repeatedly denied the charge .	Tehran and Damascus have repeatedly denied the charges .	sing_plur	4531
The immigrant said two pregnant women died during the voyage .	The immigrants said two pregnant women died during the voyage .	sing_plur	4534
Collect all of the story in one pile .	Collect all of the stories in one pile .	sing_plur	4535
The distance driven were also noted .	The distances driven were also noted .	sing_plur	4537
Roger Fouts was a graduate student of the Gardner .	Roger Fouts was a graduate student of the Gardners .	sing_plur	4539
" The shooting took place in the on-base barracks , " it said .	" The shootings took place in the on-base barracks , " it said .	sing_plur	4540
How well the kid will fare with Federline remains to be seen .	How well the kids will fare with Federline remains to be seen .	sing_plur	4541
The employee and their lawyer would not comment on the case .	The employees and their lawyer would not comment on the case .	sing_plur	4543
So are the number of art dealers and advisers counseling the rich .	So are the numbers of art dealers and advisers counseling the rich .	sing_plur	4545
" We share the same objective as Hiddink , " said Mutko .	" We share the same objectives as Hiddink , " said Mutko .	sing_plur	4549
" The phony soldier , " Limbaugh responded .	" The phony soldiers , " Limbaugh responded .	sing_plur	4550
No other candidate receives mentions in the double digit .	No other candidate receives mentions in the double digits .	sing_plur	4552
She declined to comment on the apparent contradiction between the finding .	She declined to comment on the apparent contradiction between the findings .	sing_plur	4554
Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statement .	Actual results may differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	4555
In June , the player reached a settlement with Duke .	In June , the players reached a settlement with Duke .	sing_plur	4557
She was notified of the charge on Friday .	She was notified of the charges on Friday .	sing_plur	4559
Holton has said he suffered from severe depression when he committed the murder .	Holton has said he suffered from severe depression when he committed the murders .	sing_plur	4560
Thousands of people take to the street in protest .	Thousands of people take to the streets in protest .	sing_plur	4564
He claims that hedge funds help eliminate inefficiency in the market .	He claims that hedge funds help eliminate inefficiency in the markets .	sing_plur	4565
He bought an insurance policy to cover the loss .	He bought an insurance policy to cover the losses .	sing_plur	4566
We want the fan to be involved as well .	We want the fans to be involved as well .	sing_plur	4567
He was going through the motion .	He was going through the motions .	sing_plur	4568
United Russia is more than likely to win the election .	United Russia is more than likely to win the elections .	sing_plur	4569
The stonework declared bankruptcy in 1994 .	The stoneworks declared bankruptcy in 1994 .	sing_plur	4572
THE humble potato will be top of the crop in 2008 .	THE humble potato will be top of the crops in 2008 .	sing_plur	4573
" We are all aware of the circumstance , " Coughlin said .	" We are all aware of the circumstances , " Coughlin said .	sing_plur	4574
Authorities will investigate the slaying , he said .	Authorities will investigate the slayings , he said .	sing_plur	4577
The other start the gas engine and recharges the batteries .	The other starts the gas engine and recharges the batteries .	sing_plur	4578
One girl asked if the astronaut had seen any UFOs .	One girl asked if the astronauts had seen any UFOs .	sing_plur	4580
We are also going to talk to the veteran .	We are also going to talk to the veterans .	sing_plur	4583
Those are the choice .	Those are the choices .	sing_plur	4584
The fear of homegrown terrorists was on the mind of several senators .	The fear of homegrown terrorists was on the minds of several senators .	sing_plur	4585
But the result can be impressive .	But the results can be impressive .	sing_plur	4586
The restriction will last for one year .	The restrictions will last for one year .	sing_plur	4587
The injury included fractures , sprains and strains , burns and cuts .	The injuries included fractures , sprains and strains , burns and cuts .	sing_plur	4588
He would not identify the company .	He would not identify the companies .	sing_plur	4589
Look up at the cast-iron building from the turn of the 19th century .	Look up at the cast-iron buildings from the turn of the 19th century .	sing_plur	4591
The charge against the Jena 6 resulted from that incident .	The charges against the Jena 6 resulted from that incident .	sing_plur	4593
Along Wang Zhushu 's street , her neighbors share the same complaint .	Along Wang Zhushu 's street , her neighbors share the same complaints .	sing_plur	4595
Things are even worse than they seem from the schedule .	Things are even worse than they seem from the schedules .	sing_plur	4597
Kids were laughing at the storyboard .	Kids were laughing at the storyboards .	sing_plur	4598
I asked my friends to repeat the result .	I asked my friends to repeat the results .	sing_plur	4599
She co-authored the report .	She co-authored the reports .	sing_plur	4602
" " There will be victory against the killer soon .	" " There will be victory against the killers soon .	sing_plur	4603
Divorce has been hitting the headline this week .	Divorce has been hitting the headlines this week .	sing_plur	4604
But he did nothing to stop those causing the problem .	But he did nothing to stop those causing the problems .	sing_plur	4607
The child there adored him .	The children there adored him .	sing_plur	4608
The additional service will become available June 2008 .	The additional services will become available June 2008 .	sing_plur	4610
The boys are quick to point out the difference in their work .	The boys are quick to point out the differences in their work .	sing_plur	4611
Locals face disruption caused by both the fire and the evacuations .	Locals face disruption caused by both the fires and the evacuations .	sing_plur	4612
The purchase took place over several years , the sources say .	The purchases took place over several years , the sources say .	sing_plur	4613
It is not just the automaker touting their green credentials .	It is not just the automakers touting their green credentials .	sing_plur	4615
But Postol says the interceptor could top 5.6 miles per second .	But Postol says the interceptors could top 5.6 miles per second .	sing_plur	4616
The real question is whether the gain will be sustainable .	The real question is whether the gains will be sustainable .	sing_plur	4617
She has outlined few concrete proposals and largely avoided the medium .	She has outlined few concrete proposals and largely avoided the media .	sing_plur	4618
He also said the victim had entered the building just before the explosion .	He also said the victims had entered the building just before the explosion .	sing_plur	4619
Excerpts of the memo appeared in Wednesday 's New York Post .	Excerpts of the memos appeared in Wednesday 's New York Post .	sing_plur	4620
The genetic copies allow the tree to be planted in reforestation projects .	The genetic copies allow the trees to be planted in reforestation projects .	sing_plur	4621
And look at how the moon sometimes hangs low over the monument .	And look at how the moon sometimes hangs low over the monuments .	sing_plur	4622
Fujimori has repeatedly denied the charge , calling them politically motivated .	Fujimori has repeatedly denied the charges , calling them politically motivated .	sing_plur	4623
So far , the amount raised online are relatively tiny .	So far , the amounts raised online are relatively tiny .	sing_plur	4624
You 've got to get your share of the independent .	You 've got to get your share of the independents .	sing_plur	4625
Saniora signaled earlier that his government planned to assume the power .	Saniora signaled earlier that his government planned to assume the powers .	sing_plur	4627
Anything can happen in the man 's game .	Anything can happen in the men 's game .	sing_plur	4628
The Rocket signed second-round draft pick Carl Landry .	The Rockets signed second-round draft pick Carl Landry .	sing_plur	4629
The findings are published in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The findings are published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	4632
The Obama camp withheld comment until reviewing the remark .	The Obama camp withheld comment until reviewing the remarks .	sing_plur	4633
Studies are finding a wide variation in responses to the drug .	Studies are finding a wide variation in responses to the drugs .	sing_plur	4636
Many people move here because of the school .	Many people move here because of the schools .	sing_plur	4637
I got the message , we are going to secure the border .	I got the message , we are going to secure the borders .	sing_plur	4639
There was no immediate comment from Washington on the prospect for further talks .	There was no immediate comment from Washington on the prospects for further talks .	sing_plur	4640
Then there are the social consequence .	Then there are the social consequences .	sing_plur	4641
Holders of Notes may not tender their Notes without delivering the related consent .	Holders of Notes may not tender their Notes without delivering the related consents .	sing_plur	4643
The U.S. military has said the guard acted without provocation .	The U.S. military has said the guards acted without provocation .	sing_plur	4645
Maybe it will dispell a few of the myth as well .	Maybe it will dispell a few of the myths as well .	sing_plur	4646
She finished second at the woman 's British Open in August .	She finished second at the women 's British Open in August .	sing_plur	4649
The winner will be honored at an Oct. 18 gala at the museum .	The winners will be honored at an Oct. 18 gala at the museum .	sing_plur	4650
The lawsuit had demanded the return of the disputed object .	The lawsuit had demanded the return of the disputed objects .	sing_plur	4651
They want the best teacher .	They want the best teachers .	sing_plur	4652
A bank or trust company manager directs the investment .	A bank or trust company manager directs the investments .	sing_plur	4653
I 'll never forget the day the envelope arrived .	I 'll never forget the day the envelopes arrived .	sing_plur	4655
The order in Chi 's reprieve listed no dissenters among the judge .	The order in Chi 's reprieve listed no dissenters among the judges .	sing_plur	4656
The cocktail also seemed to affect the amount they drank .	The cocktails also seemed to affect the amount they drank .	sing_plur	4657
It is an opinion mirrored on the street .	It is an opinion mirrored on the streets .	sing_plur	4658
The following school year , Faubus closed the school in Little Rock .	The following school year , Faubus closed the schools in Little Rock .	sing_plur	4659
The wheel and brakes had to be removed and reassembled for the repair .	The wheels and brakes had to be removed and reassembled for the repair .	sing_plur	4660
The mine has given the villager some compensation .	The mine has given the villagers some compensation .	sing_plur	4661
Each time it was repaired and put back in the sky .	Each time it was repaired and put back in the skies .	sing_plur	4664
They shook hands and posed for the camera .	They shook hands and posed for the cameras .	sing_plur	4665
He could not immediately provide the age or sex of the victims .	He could not immediately provide the ages or sex of the victims .	sing_plur	4666
Currently , all misdemeanor and felony traffic offenses are subject to the fee .	Currently , all misdemeanor and felony traffic offenses are subject to the fees .	sing_plur	4667
Flowered drapes hang in some of the window .	Flowered drapes hang in some of the windows .	sing_plur	4668
Fixed-income investors were also encouraged about the prospect of another interest rate cut .	Fixed-income investors were also encouraged about the prospects of another interest rate cut .	sing_plur	4669
We all know that the holiday will cause some mailing delays .	We all know that the holidays will cause some mailing delays .	sing_plur	4670
The divide shows up in the street .	The divide shows up in the streets .	sing_plur	4671
And much of it is concentrated in the store .	And much of it is concentrated in the stores .	sing_plur	4673
Her convoy had been heading to the tomb when the bomb went off .	Her convoy had been heading to the tomb when the bombs went off .	sing_plur	4674
Uselding defended the screener .	Uselding defended the screeners .	sing_plur	4676
UBS AG and Citigroup are jointly running the offering .	UBS AG and Citigroup are jointly running the offerings .	sing_plur	4677
Riccio declined to identify the player .	Riccio declined to identify the players .	sing_plur	4678
Cruise West made arrangements to take the passenger to a hotel .	Cruise West made arrangements to take the passengers to a hotel .	sing_plur	4679
Lewis Hamilton says he does not read the paper .	Lewis Hamilton says he does not read the papers .	sing_plur	4680
Almost 5 million passengers ride the subway on an average weekday .	Almost 5 million passengers ride the subways on an average weekday .	sing_plur	4681
He cannot break off the big run like he used to .	He cannot break off the big runs like he used to .	sing_plur	4683
Shown the odd , Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce smiled .	Shown the odds , Giants linebacker Antonio Pierce smiled .	sing_plur	4685
The wall can be removed , he said .	The walls can be removed , he said .	sing_plur	4686
The researcher examined two case studies .	The researchers examined two case studies .	sing_plur	4687
He wanted the petition to be dismissed .	He wanted the petitions to be dismissed .	sing_plur	4690
The company said it denied the allegation in the lawsuits .	The company said it denied the allegations in the lawsuits .	sing_plur	4691
But the other made their next starts .	But the others made their next starts .	sing_plur	4692
The authority called the music morbid and were not necessarily wrong .	The authorities called the music morbid and were not necessarily wrong .	sing_plur	4694
We must tear down the barrier to creating new ones .	We must tear down the barriers to creating new ones .	sing_plur	4695
All those dire predictions by the expert did not come true .	All those dire predictions by the experts did not come true .	sing_plur	4696
Both are said to have carried out the offence at separate times .	Both are said to have carried out the offences at separate times .	sing_plur	4698
By then , the year did not matter .	By then , the years did not matter .	sing_plur	4700
Just as important as community are the house in the neighborhood .	Just as important as community are the houses in the neighborhood .	sing_plur	4701
Breen and prosecutors declined to discuss the negotiation .	Breen and prosecutors declined to discuss the negotiations .	sing_plur	4702
" The guy took it great , " Lowell said .	" The guys took it great , " Lowell said .	sing_plur	4703
Yet some of the argument made by its attorneys have drawn attention .	Yet some of the arguments made by its attorneys have drawn attention .	sing_plur	4705
Kathkleen Koch fills us in on the detail .	Kathkleen Koch fills us in on the details .	sing_plur	4706
The accident can also take a toll on precarious wildlife populations .	The accidents can also take a toll on precarious wildlife populations .	sing_plur	4708
In the original case , the arbitrator voted 2-1 again Landis .	In the original case , the arbitrators voted 2-1 again Landis .	sing_plur	4709
And the dry weather yields some of the tastiest tomato .	And the dry weather yields some of the tastiest tomatoes .	sing_plur	4710
There were a few chilly vibes inside the rope .	There were a few chilly vibes inside the ropes .	sing_plur	4714
11 is on a Tuesday , the day of the attack .	11 is on a Tuesday , the day of the attacks .	sing_plur	4715
They landed on top of each other in the wing .	They landed on top of each other in the wings .	sing_plur	4716
He decided not to polish the perforated panel in the salon .	He decided not to polish the perforated panels in the salon .	sing_plur	4719
But the Supreme Court may again bring the plan to a halt .	But the Supreme Court may again bring the plans to a halt .	sing_plur	4721
He just has to continue the improvement .	He just has to continue the improvements .	sing_plur	4722
They arrive at the home of relatives , at halfway houses and shelters .	They arrive at the homes of relatives , at halfway houses and shelters .	sing_plur	4727
The agent began serving their sentences in January .	The agents began serving their sentences in January .	sing_plur	4728
Sometimes , it makes the neighbor a bit uneasy .	Sometimes , it makes the neighbors a bit uneasy .	sing_plur	4729
The Valley Stream store has clearly benefited from the various upgrade .	The Valley Stream store has clearly benefited from the various upgrades .	sing_plur	4730
The settlement does not require the Jesuit to admit any wrongdoing .	The settlement does not require the Jesuits to admit any wrongdoing .	sing_plur	4731
The Trojan looked like it on Thursday night .	The Trojans looked like it on Thursday night .	sing_plur	4732
On the busiest day , 800,000 people will converge on the venues .	On the busiest days , 800,000 people will converge on the venues .	sing_plur	4734
I have just got to get the player right .	I have just got to get the players right .	sing_plur	4735
Bush made the remark at a news conference earlier this month .	Bush made the remarks at a news conference earlier this month .	sing_plur	4736
" People are starting to connect the dot , " Kessler said .	" People are starting to connect the dots , " Kessler said .	sing_plur	4738
The polls really do not reflect the core voter .	The polls really do not reflect the core voters .	sing_plur	4741
At that point , Drew was batting a pedestrian .259 in the playoff .	At that point , Drew was batting a pedestrian .259 in the playoffs .	sing_plur	4742
Still , the grief of the survivor is powerful .	Still , the grief of the survivors is powerful .	sing_plur	4743
Health campaigners and politicians yesterday welcomed the figure .	Health campaigners and politicians yesterday welcomed the figures .	sing_plur	4745
But there was shock at the severity of the sentence .	But there was shock at the severity of the sentences .	sing_plur	4746
Any glitch in the computerization increases the chance for inaccuracy .	Any glitch in the computerization increases the chances for inaccuracy .	sing_plur	4747
He had the new door and windows made in Maine .	He had the new doors and windows made in Maine .	sing_plur	4748
He said church officials removed the sacrament from the monastery on Tuesday night .	He said church officials removed the sacraments from the monastery on Tuesday night .	sing_plur	4750
Superstar Brad Paisley is poised to dominate the award .	Superstar Brad Paisley is poised to dominate the awards .	sing_plur	4751
The White House blacked out portions of the page given to the committee .	The White House blacked out portions of the pages given to the committee .	sing_plur	4752
And Gruden needs to make the playoff .	And Gruden needs to make the playoffs .	sing_plur	4753
It has no place in the American court .	It has no place in the American courts .	sing_plur	4754
Those were the day .	Those were the days .	sing_plur	4759
They were fifth in the last BCS standing .	They were fifth in the last BCS standings .	sing_plur	4760
Everybody at a certain level can hit the shot .	Everybody at a certain level can hit the shots .	sing_plur	4761
The scrum of journalists and well-wishers far exceeded the number expected .	The scrum of journalists and well-wishers far exceeded the numbers expected .	sing_plur	4762
The board selected the finalist and winner through a vote .	The board selected the finalists and winner through a vote .	sing_plur	4764
Sallie Mae refused , the buyer said .	Sallie Mae refused , the buyers said .	sing_plur	4765
Rescuers have detected no sign of life from the man .	Rescuers have detected no sign of life from the men .	sing_plur	4766
The smoke has actully been an issue during Dawali festivals over the year .	The smoke has actully been an issue during Dawali festivals over the years .	sing_plur	4767
But France and the US immediately dismissed the finding .	But France and the US immediately dismissed the findings .	sing_plur	4768
The F.A.A. has been blaming the airline .	The F.A.A. has been blaming the airlines .	sing_plur	4769
" It is in the thousand , " he said .	" It is in the thousands , " he said .	sing_plur	4771
He had denied the charge .	He had denied the charges .	sing_plur	4772
The rate for other hospital-acquired infections also fell after MRSA testing began .	The rates for other hospital-acquired infections also fell after MRSA testing began .	sing_plur	4773
The chief lobbyist for the Extraterrestrial Phenomena Political Action Committee reads the poll .	The chief lobbyist for the Extraterrestrial Phenomena Political Action Committee reads the polls .	sing_plur	4774
We have got to focus more attention on the perpetrator .	We have got to focus more attention on the perpetrators .	sing_plur	4776
Under the arrangement , the officer cannot be redeployed during the shift .	Under the arrangement , the officers cannot be redeployed during the shift .	sing_plur	4778
It just boils down to who are the best guy .	It just boils down to who are the best guys .	sing_plur	4779
The officer should get an award for not losing their tempers .	The officers should get an award for not losing their tempers .	sing_plur	4780
Both were defeated after the ad aired .	Both were defeated after the ads aired .	sing_plur	4783
" OK , " the Iraqi soldier shrugged it off .	" OK , " the Iraqi soldiers shrugged it off .	sing_plur	4784
NicOx is targeting the therapeutic area of inflammation and cardio-metabolic disease .	NicOx is targeting the therapeutic areas of inflammation and cardio-metabolic disease .	sing_plur	4786
The architect reported weakening demand for townhouses , condominium apartments and vacation homes .	The architects reported weakening demand for townhouses , condominium apartments and vacation homes .	sing_plur	4787
There were discrepancies in her story even before the tape surfaced .	There were discrepancies in her story even before the tapes surfaced .	sing_plur	4788
Joba cannot transform the number .	Joba cannot transform the numbers .	sing_plur	4789
The renovation will be completed in two phases .	The renovations will be completed in two phases .	sing_plur	4790
The question is profound ; the answer , often disturbing .	The question is profound ; the answers , often disturbing .	sing_plur	4791
The Jacobin shared a defining ideological feature .	The Jacobins shared a defining ideological feature .	sing_plur	4792
" The mouse appeared out of nowhere , " she said .	" The mice appeared out of nowhere , " she said .	sing_plur	4795
We want people to come out of the shadow .	We want people to come out of the shadows .	sing_plur	4796
They were all talking about the job they hoped to do .	They were all talking about the jobs they hoped to do .	sing_plur	4797
Instead , the scientist proposed dry landslides caused the deposits .	Instead , the scientists proposed dry landslides caused the deposits .	sing_plur	4798
Many Chinese vendors shrugged off the recall .	Many Chinese vendors shrugged off the recalls .	sing_plur	4799
The publisher may later release it worldwide .	The publishers may later release it worldwide .	sing_plur	4801
The young woman quietly navigated their plates with restrained curiosity .	The young women quietly navigated their plates with restrained curiosity .	sing_plur	4803
If you are lucky the troops manning the checkpoint will be sober .	If you are lucky the troops manning the checkpoints will be sober .	sing_plur	4804
I want to fight the big fighter , the legends .	I want to fight the big fighters , the legends .	sing_plur	4806
Under the proposal , the Intertoto Cup would be scrapped .	Under the proposals , the Intertoto Cup would be scrapped .	sing_plur	4807
Fenner also instructed the group not to discuss the case with the medium .	Fenner also instructed the group not to discuss the case with the media .	sing_plur	4808
Despite the best effort of oppressive regimes , art endures .	Despite the best efforts of oppressive regimes , art endures .	sing_plur	4809
Theoretically , they do not want to be the center of attention .	Theoretically , they do not want to be the centers of attention .	sing_plur	4811
The stake for assessing competence of physicians are high .	The stakes for assessing competence of physicians are high .	sing_plur	4812
Treasury prices rose , lowering the corresponding yield .	Treasury prices rose , lowering the corresponding yields .	sing_plur	4813
The discussion will be unfiltered to a degree .	The discussions will be unfiltered to a degree .	sing_plur	4815
Many of the boy drowned and were eaten by crocodiles .	Many of the boys drowned and were eaten by crocodiles .	sing_plur	4816
" Game girl , " mutters Crosby , riffing on the lyric .	" Game girl , " mutters Crosby , riffing on the lyrics .	sing_plur	4817
Without further ado , here are the lineup .	Without further ado , here are the lineups .	sing_plur	4820
" The holiday will be tough , " he said .	" The holidays will be tough , " he said .	sing_plur	4821
They speculate that the sloshing motion increases nutrient distribution to the cell .	They speculate that the sloshing motion increases nutrient distribution to the cells .	sing_plur	4822
They could not even go near the curtain .	They could not even go near the curtains .	sing_plur	4823
Two weeks later , capital murder indictments were announced against the cousin .	Two weeks later , capital murder indictments were announced against the cousins .	sing_plur	4825
The student sat still , stunned into silence .	The students sat still , stunned into silence .	sing_plur	4826
Of the other option , MEJA is the strongest .	Of the other options , MEJA is the strongest .	sing_plur	4829
Other than Buick , they were the highest-ranking domestic brand .	Other than Buick , they were the highest-ranking domestic brands .	sing_plur	4830
The Senate and House are currently negotiating the difference .	The Senate and House are currently negotiating the differences .	sing_plur	4831
There was no news on casualties among the attacker .	There was no news on casualties among the attackers .	sing_plur	4835
I am talking to the member of the NRA right now .	I am talking to the members of the NRA right now .	sing_plur	4837
Its ads often appear inside the application created by third-party developers .	Its ads often appear inside the applications created by third-party developers .	sing_plur	4838
Karsnia said he recognized the gesture as a coded invitation for gay sex .	Karsnia said he recognized the gestures as a coded invitation for gay sex .	sing_plur	4840
Ankiel met with major league officials Tuesday to discuss the allegation .	Ankiel met with major league officials Tuesday to discuss the allegations .	sing_plur	4842
The result will be sent to the government , he added .	The results will be sent to the government , he added .	sing_plur	4845
He has had to withdraw from the season-opening concert at Carnegie Hall .	He has had to withdraw from the season-opening concerts at Carnegie Hall .	sing_plur	4846
Some of Marceau 's later work reflected the somber experience .	Some of Marceau 's later work reflected the somber experiences .	sing_plur	4847
After the search , text-messaged rumors began circulating in earnest .	After the searches , text-messaged rumors began circulating in earnest .	sing_plur	4848
Both were the largest fall ever recorded .	Both were the largest falls ever recorded .	sing_plur	4850
As to the effect of the drugs : they made him go faster .	As to the effects of the drugs : they made him go faster .	sing_plur	4851
It is embraced by the presidential candidate .	It is embraced by the presidential candidates .	sing_plur	4852
They were unlike anything else on the runway .	They were unlike anything else on the runways .	sing_plur	4853
The Russian defence ministry refused to comment on the allegation .	The Russian defence ministry refused to comment on the allegations .	sing_plur	4855
Leave your own nightmare nominations in the comment below .	Leave your own nightmare nominations in the comments below .	sing_plur	4856
They are showing the good aspect as well .	They are showing the good aspects as well .	sing_plur	4857
The work to destroy the plant will start later this week .	The work to destroy the plants will start later this week .	sing_plur	4858
The child all survived .	The children all survived .	sing_plur	4859
Most attribute the change to generally tighter credit for corporations and individuals .	Most attribute the changes to generally tighter credit for corporations and individuals .	sing_plur	4861
What counts is whether the law ultimately save lives .	What counts is whether the laws ultimately save lives .	sing_plur	4865
Neither landlords nor tenants ever seemed satisfied with the result .	Neither landlords nor tenants ever seemed satisfied with the results .	sing_plur	4866
The charge must be fairly adjudicated .	The charges must be fairly adjudicated .	sing_plur	4867
Nobody claimed responsibility for the attack in the capital and two northern areas .	Nobody claimed responsibility for the attacks in the capital and two northern areas .	sing_plur	4869
He denied reports that the engineers were among the victim .	He denied reports that the engineers were among the victims .	sing_plur	4870
Four of the defendant had faced lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	Four of the defendants had faced lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	sing_plur	4871
Many of these questions have been rippling around the blog .	Many of these questions have been rippling around the blogs .	sing_plur	4872
The result mirrored the average earnings estimate among analysts polled by Thomson Financial .	The results mirrored the average earnings estimate among analysts polled by Thomson Financial .	sing_plur	4875
As the year passed , I found myself devoid of regrets .	As the years passed , I found myself devoid of regrets .	sing_plur	4876
He continues to command respect despite falling behind the front-runner in many polls .	He continues to command respect despite falling behind the front-runners in many polls .	sing_plur	4878
In naked shorting , the trader sells stock without borrowing the share .	In naked shorting , the trader sells stock without borrowing the shares .	sing_plur	4880
My pulse still races when I see the replay .	My pulse still races when I see the replays .	sing_plur	4881
The Scottish presence in Afghanistan will only increase in the month ahead .	The Scottish presence in Afghanistan will only increase in the months ahead .	sing_plur	4882
In the dining room tendrils of ivy are trained around the window .	In the dining room tendrils of ivy are trained around the windows .	sing_plur	4883
The detail contained in the complaint are allegations .	The details contained in the complaint are allegations .	sing_plur	4884
The modernist had won the argument .	The modernists had won the argument .	sing_plur	4886
The light allowed us to extend that into the evening .	The lights allowed us to extend that into the evening .	sing_plur	4887
The president of Tanzania , Mozambique and Indonesia joined him onstage Wednesday .	The presidents of Tanzania , Mozambique and Indonesia joined him onstage Wednesday .	sing_plur	4888
Ball bearings and shrapnel pierced the wall and shutters of nearby stores .	Ball bearings and shrapnel pierced the walls and shutters of nearby stores .	sing_plur	4890
She says the flight attendant humiliated her in front of the other passenger .	She says the flight attendant humiliated her in front of the other passengers .	sing_plur	4891
Samsung has vigorously denied the accusation .	Samsung has vigorously denied the accusations .	sing_plur	4892
Officials of the watchdog agency have declined to comment on the new photo .	Officials of the watchdog agency have declined to comment on the new photos .	sing_plur	4893
There were the claim and counterclaims over the money .	There were the claims and counterclaims over the money .	sing_plur	4894
Gold prices rocketed to the highest level since 1980 .	Gold prices rocketed to the highest levels since 1980 .	sing_plur	4897
Leicester , the champion , rest their five England players .	Leicester , the champions , rest their five England players .	sing_plur	4900
Debate still swirls around the lyric to Hotel California .	Debate still swirls around the lyrics to Hotel California .	sing_plur	4903
These were the early day of transplantation .	These were the early days of transplantation .	sing_plur	4904
Be aware of the intensity of the color in a room .	Be aware of the intensity of the colors in a room .	sing_plur	4905
The agency , and their political supporters , resisted .	The agencies , and their political supporters , resisted .	sing_plur	4907
The bond formed between children and their food sources are indeed powerful .	The bonds formed between children and their food sources are indeed powerful .	sing_plur	4908
But the script is flaccid and the dramatic element just silly .	But the script is flaccid and the dramatic elements just silly .	sing_plur	4910
Amistar Corporation provides automation solutions primarily for the industrial market .	Amistar Corporation provides automation solutions primarily for the industrial markets .	sing_plur	4912
She also questioned the student 's motives in making the accusation .	She also questioned the student 's motives in making the accusations .	sing_plur	4913
But he said he also thought of the other killed .	But he said he also thought of the others killed .	sing_plur	4918
He also admitted to taking part in a number of the killing .	He also admitted to taking part in a number of the killings .	sing_plur	4919
But this is the first time we have lost the principal .	But this is the first time we have lost the principals .	sing_plur	4922
Symptoms often first appear between the age of 20 and 40 .	Symptoms often first appear between the ages of 20 and 40 .	sing_plur	4923
Women in Iran enjoy the highest level of freedom .	Women in Iran enjoy the highest levels of freedom .	sing_plur	4925
The result turned out to be quite odd .	The results turned out to be quite odd .	sing_plur	4928
The tape contradicted her sworn testimony against DeVecchio .	The tapes contradicted her sworn testimony against DeVecchio .	sing_plur	4931
The apartment deteriorated and ultimately were demolished .	The apartments deteriorated and ultimately were demolished .	sing_plur	4932
" I understand the circumstance involved , " he said .	" I understand the circumstances involved , " he said .	sing_plur	4933
There are fewer power cuts and more buses on the street .	There are fewer power cuts and more buses on the streets .	sing_plur	4935
The rebels say they have made military gains in the recent month .	The rebels say they have made military gains in the recent months .	sing_plur	4939
I noticed the crocodile before I noticed the man .	I noticed the crocodiles before I noticed the man .	sing_plur	4940
The other plane returned safely .	The other planes returned safely .	sing_plur	4941
Together they could have blocked the proposal .	Together they could have blocked the proposals .	sing_plur	4943
Leading banks have already declared losses in the billion .	Leading banks have already declared losses in the billions .	sing_plur	4944
It is something to do with the deepest meaning of sport .	It is something to do with the deepest meanings of sport .	sing_plur	4946
Thus , it was the unexpected moment that stood out .	Thus , it was the unexpected moments that stood out .	sing_plur	4948
It started with the Futurist .	It started with the Futurists .	sing_plur	4952
The arrest followed an inquiry by Thames Valley Police and Hertfordshire Police .	The arrests followed an inquiry by Thames Valley Police and Hertfordshire Police .	sing_plur	4953
The claim first surfaced in The Sunday Times .	The claims first surfaced in The Sunday Times .	sing_plur	4954
The conclusion that Schenone guides us to are unsentimental and unexpected .	The conclusions that Schenone guides us to are unsentimental and unexpected .	sing_plur	4955
Some shouted out the name of carols they wanted to hear .	Some shouted out the names of carols they wanted to hear .	sing_plur	4958
But the owner always have to sign , Badger said .	But the owners always have to sign , Badger said .	sing_plur	4960
1944 - US forces retake the island .	1944 - US forces retake the islands .	sing_plur	4962
Instead , more than 100 FDNY members rushed in to battle the flame .	Instead , more than 100 FDNY members rushed in to battle the flames .	sing_plur	4963
The question is whether the organizer will get away with it .	The question is whether the organizers will get away with it .	sing_plur	4964
The report could not be independently confirmed by the AP .	The reports could not be independently confirmed by the AP .	sing_plur	4965
Unfortunately , that is where the wow ended .	Unfortunately , that is where the wows ended .	sing_plur	4966
For those statements , the Company claims the protection of the corresponding law .	For those statements , the Company claims the protection of the corresponding laws .	sing_plur	4967
The same wall once displayed posters of executed dictator Saddam Hussein .	The same walls once displayed posters of executed dictator Saddam Hussein .	sing_plur	4969
Ford spokeswoman Marcey Evans would not comment on the negotiation .	Ford spokeswoman Marcey Evans would not comment on the negotiations .	sing_plur	4970
' " Colleagues remembered the circumstance differently .	' " Colleagues remembered the circumstances differently .	sing_plur	4971
He has declined to say with whom he has met on the trip .	He has declined to say with whom he has met on the trips .	sing_plur	4973
" It is really for the kid , " Mr. Huggins said .	" It is really for the kids , " Mr. Huggins said .	sing_plur	4977
They even crawled between the key as we typed .	They even crawled between the keys as we typed .	sing_plur	4979
The man was cautious in discussing the change coming to Libya .	The man was cautious in discussing the changes coming to Libya .	sing_plur	4980
They are the lucky one , of course .	They are the lucky ones , of course .	sing_plur	4982
He declined to name the other party involved .	He declined to name the other parties involved .	sing_plur	4984
The group staged smaller rallies in Islamabad and the southern city of Karachi .	The groups staged smaller rallies in Islamabad and the southern city of Karachi .	sing_plur	4988
Needless to say , the hack won .	Needless to say , the hacks won .	sing_plur	4989
The dynamic certainly will change before the first-in-the-South primary .	The dynamics certainly will change before the first-in-the-South primary .	sing_plur	4990
We have employees specially trained to care for the animal .	We have employees specially trained to care for the animals .	sing_plur	4991
TNT has the same right as ESPN .	TNT has the same rights as ESPN .	sing_plur	4992
" We are only seeing the highlight , " Jesu said .	" We are only seeing the highlights , " Jesu said .	sing_plur	4993
But Mr. Aldous outlines the broad issue clearly and economically .	But Mr. Aldous outlines the broad issues clearly and economically .	sing_plur	4995
The probe also will seek to establish the identity of the alleged perpetrators .	The probe also will seek to establish the identities of the alleged perpetrators .	sing_plur	4996
The cufflink held .	The cufflinks held .	sing_plur	4997
The discussion will continue .	The discussions will continue .	sing_plur	4998
" I was appalled by the result , " Kassirer said .	" I was appalled by the results , " Kassirer said .	sing_plur	4999
Samean eats the cricket by the dozen .	Samean eats the crickets by the dozen .	sing_plur	5003
Emigrants from other Polynesian islands were the first settler .	Emigrants from other Polynesian islands were the first settlers .	sing_plur	5005
The Indians fell apart at the seam .	The Indians fell apart at the seams .	sing_plur	5006
CNN.com asked readers to share their thoughts on the charge against Bonds .	CNN.com asked readers to share their thoughts on the charges against Bonds .	sing_plur	5007
Australia-based Moose Enterprises distributes the toy in 40 countries .	Australia-based Moose Enterprises distributes the toys in 40 countries .	sing_plur	5008
But it was her spending that caused the biggest problem .	But it was her spending that caused the biggest problems .	sing_plur	5009
She called the cultural concern overblown .	She called the cultural concerns overblown .	sing_plur	5011
AZUZ : Reach for the star .	AZUZ : Reach for the stars .	sing_plur	5012
The party will nominate a total of 26 members .	The parties will nominate a total of 26 members .	sing_plur	5013
Thomas has adamantly denied the allegation .	Thomas has adamantly denied the allegations .	sing_plur	5014
The search for the other continues .	The search for the others continues .	sing_plur	5016
It was drowned out by booing from the Russian fan .	It was drowned out by booing from the Russian fans .	sing_plur	5017
Fire officials are still trying to determine what sparked the blaze .	Fire officials are still trying to determine what sparked the blazes .	sing_plur	5019
Scientologists now sit on the board of civic groups .	Scientologists now sit on the boards of civic groups .	sing_plur	5020
They remained three games behind the wild-card-leading Yankee .	They remained three games behind the wild-card-leading Yankees .	sing_plur	5021
The 72-year-old Delon acquired many of the painting in the 1980s .	The 72-year-old Delon acquired many of the paintings in the 1980s .	sing_plur	5022
And the Poles are affecting the native , too .	And the Poles are affecting the natives , too .	sing_plur	5024
So let 's forget the playoff this year .	So let 's forget the playoffs this year .	sing_plur	5025
The change to the Today line-up will take place in the spring .	The changes to the Today line-up will take place in the spring .	sing_plur	5026
I have been getting through the rough patch .	I have been getting through the rough patches .	sing_plur	5029
He and Ms. Ornstein have the habit to match .	He and Ms. Ornstein have the habits to match .	sing_plur	5030
Mr. Paradis , the Border Services Agency spokesman , confirmed the warning .	Mr. Paradis , the Border Services Agency spokesman , confirmed the warnings .	sing_plur	5031
McDaniel gave the company 20 days to respond .	McDaniel gave the companies 20 days to respond .	sing_plur	5032
Some refused to heed the warning and kept running .	Some refused to heed the warnings and kept running .	sing_plur	5033
Spears was unclear when Seacrest asked how often she would see the boy .	Spears was unclear when Seacrest asked how often she would see the boys .	sing_plur	5034
He is expected to be ready for the playoff .	He is expected to be ready for the playoffs .	sing_plur	5035
I had been thinking more along the line of botox .	I had been thinking more along the lines of botox .	sing_plur	5036
The German goal kept coming .	The German goals kept coming .	sing_plur	5037
Conventional genealogies conceal how rapidly genes get diluted down the generation .	Conventional genealogies conceal how rapidly genes get diluted down the generations .	sing_plur	5038
Roh said he had sought common ground with Kim at the talk .	Roh said he had sought common ground with Kim at the talks .	sing_plur	5041
Teenagers are not the only one with shameful habits hidden in their closets .	Teenagers are not the only ones with shameful habits hidden in their closets .	sing_plur	5044
She only made the connection when she saw the poster .	She only made the connection when she saw the posters .	sing_plur	5046
The convoy remained vulnerable .	The convoys remained vulnerable .	sing_plur	5048
What I am doing is bidding adieu to the great writer .	What I am doing is bidding adieu to the great writers .	sing_plur	5049
The Challenge We Faced And Will Face Must Be Read .	The Challenges We Faced And Will Face Must Be Read .	sing_plur	5050
The Scot drew level after 65 minutes , predictably from a dead-ball situation .	The Scots drew level after 65 minutes , predictably from a dead-ball situation .	sing_plur	5051
Antawn Jamison led the Wizard with 30 points .	Antawn Jamison led the Wizards with 30 points .	sing_plur	5052
They say they are fighting for the right of peasants and laborers .	They say they are fighting for the rights of peasants and laborers .	sing_plur	5053
The newspaper later retracted the allegation .	The newspaper later retracted the allegations .	sing_plur	5055
When the soldier entered , someone threw a hand grenade at them .	When the soldiers entered , someone threw a hand grenade at them .	sing_plur	5057
Gamsakhurdia is elected president by more than 85 % of the vote cast .	Gamsakhurdia is elected president by more than 85 % of the votes cast .	sing_plur	5058
No. 16 walked down the step of the church .	No. 16 walked down the steps of the church .	sing_plur	5059
It is also in the final stage of auctioning off its semiconductor business .	It is also in the final stages of auctioning off its semiconductor business .	sing_plur	5061
Marshall listens to a description of the chair .	Marshall listens to a description of the chairs .	sing_plur	5065
Side-effects , cost and convenience , answered the researcher .	Side-effects , cost and convenience , answered the researchers .	sing_plur	5072
The problem discussed in the report are not new .	The problems discussed in the report are not new .	sing_plur	5073
We want the best relation with Turkey .	We want the best relations with Turkey .	sing_plur	5074
At the eighth-floor Grill , the roof glides open to reveal the star .	At the eighth-floor Grill , the roof glides open to reveal the stars .	sing_plur	5077
The index is based on the result of international polling firm Ipsos .	The index is based on the results of international polling firm Ipsos .	sing_plur	5078
With the nunchuk attachment , you move her around the alien environment .	With the nunchuk attachment , you move her around the alien environments .	sing_plur	5081
Levin ( East ) doubled to show the major .	Levin ( East ) doubled to show the majors .	sing_plur	5085
After getting her master 's , she taught the child of crop pickers .	After getting her master 's , she taught the children of crop pickers .	sing_plur	5087
In the end the facts matter less than the emotion .	In the end the facts matter less than the emotions .	sing_plur	5090
The earliest these work could start is in 2009 .	The earliest these works could start is in 2009 .	sing_plur	5091
The combined fine totaled $ 42,100 .	The combined fines totaled $ 42,100 .	sing_plur	5092
It is the coach .	It is the coaches .	sing_plur	5093
Combined , the drive lasted 58 seconds .	Combined , the drives lasted 58 seconds .	sing_plur	5094
Add the avocado and fennel and toss together .	Add the avocados and fennel and toss together .	sing_plur	5095
So do the big buck .	So do the big bucks .	sing_plur	5098
It is not that Jamie had the ingredient wrong .	It is not that Jamie had the ingredients wrong .	sing_plur	5100
Unlike the soccer players , the jogger consistently thought their runs were exhausting .	Unlike the soccer players , the joggers consistently thought their runs were exhausting .	sing_plur	5101
They face the same problem .	They face the same problems .	sing_plur	5102
But the detail of the reported plot are curious .	But the details of the reported plot are curious .	sing_plur	5103
He played his freshmen , but the touchdown kept coming .	He played his freshmen , but the touchdowns kept coming .	sing_plur	5105
Target is removing the pesticidal claim from these products .	Target is removing the pesticidal claims from these products .	sing_plur	5106
The judge provided several reasons .	The judges provided several reasons .	sing_plur	5107
There was no amortization during the same period of FY 2007 .	There was no amortization during the same periods of FY 2007 .	sing_plur	5108
Just before midnight the wind came like hundreds of demons .	Just before midnight the winds came like hundreds of demons .	sing_plur	5109
He would split the log himself .	He would split the logs himself .	sing_plur	5110
But it was the portrait of society women that made his fortune .	But it was the portraits of society women that made his fortune .	sing_plur	5111
The buzzing clearly had the animal concerned .	The buzzing clearly had the animals concerned .	sing_plur	5113
ISLINGTON Council clean-up units normally have to remove graffiti from the street .	ISLINGTON Council clean-up units normally have to remove graffiti from the streets .	sing_plur	5114
That is being left for the ongoing multi-party talk .	That is being left for the ongoing multi-party talks .	sing_plur	5115
People can also better connect with the athlete .	People can also better connect with the athletes .	sing_plur	5116
She is trying to watch her girlish figure with the green .	She is trying to watch her girlish figure with the greens .	sing_plur	5117
The transfer of the land will not affect cut levels or employment levels .	The transfer of the lands will not affect cut levels or employment levels .	sing_plur	5120
You 're better than the pro here .	You 're better than the pros here .	sing_plur	5121
I was completely lost about the rule .	I was completely lost about the rules .	sing_plur	5123
The sign can also provide information on route changes .	The signs can also provide information on route changes .	sing_plur	5125
He said the child ranged in age from 8 to 18 .	He said the children ranged in age from 8 to 18 .	sing_plur	5126
Over the century , the bridge has been altered and enlarged .	Over the centuries , the bridge has been altered and enlarged .	sing_plur	5127
The economic dividend of peace could be great .	The economic dividends of peace could be great .	sing_plur	5128
Pan Cha , suspicious , called a meeting of the monk .	Pan Cha , suspicious , called a meeting of the monks .	sing_plur	5129
Please give my greetings to the child .	Please give my greetings to the children .	sing_plur	5131
" " The return began as early as 2004 .	" " The returns began as early as 2004 .	sing_plur	5132
That means children should begin getting the green-and-white computer this month .	That means children should begin getting the green-and-white computers this month .	sing_plur	5133
The reserve seemed a fitting solution for postcolonial Britain .	The reserves seemed a fitting solution for postcolonial Britain .	sing_plur	5134
Soldiers are beheaded , their bodies dumped in the street .	Soldiers are beheaded , their bodies dumped in the streets .	sing_plur	5135
The comment drew boos from people from both schools attending the rally .	The comments drew boos from people from both schools attending the rally .	sing_plur	5139
Now the FBI is investigating the circumstance surrounding his death .	Now the FBI is investigating the circumstances surrounding his death .	sing_plur	5141
It was unclear when the victim died .	It was unclear when the victims died .	sing_plur	5142
The gunman took their money and then opened fire with automatic weapons .	The gunmen took their money and then opened fire with automatic weapons .	sing_plur	5143
It is not hard to imagine the drawback of location services .	It is not hard to imagine the drawbacks of location services .	sing_plur	5145
The child observed and imitated the solution .	The children observed and imitated the solution .	sing_plur	5147
There have been doubts about the reliability of the result .	There have been doubts about the reliability of the results .	sing_plur	5148
His cool factor is just off the chart .	His cool factor is just off the charts .	sing_plur	5149
By the look of things , tomorrow is upon us already .	By the looks of things , tomorrow is upon us already .	sing_plur	5151
The Wizard began the season 0-5 .	The Wizards began the season 0-5 .	sing_plur	5152
" They are mistaken , " he said of the critic .	" They are mistaken , " he said of the critics .	sing_plur	5153
He added that the change should still leave sufficient capacity at the hospital .	He added that the changes should still leave sufficient capacity at the hospital .	sing_plur	5155
The share earlier rose as high as $ 81.50 .	The shares earlier rose as high as $ 81.50 .	sing_plur	5156
The eve of the meeting offered no clues .	The eve of the meetings offered no clues .	sing_plur	5158
" Stop , " ordered Paggett as the light began to fade out .	" Stop , " ordered Paggett as the lights began to fade out .	sing_plur	5159
They are the hero .	They are the heroes .	sing_plur	5160
The top two teams will advance to the quarterfinal .	The top two teams will advance to the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	5162
It is not easy to find 30-somethings in the Open single draws .	It is not easy to find 30-somethings in the Open singles draws .	sing_plur	5163
The report could not be independently confirmed by The Associated Press .	The reports could not be independently confirmed by The Associated Press .	sing_plur	5165
They were not the only one who missed some excitement .	They were not the only ones who missed some excitement .	sing_plur	5166
The attacker looted the compound before Sudanese troops rescued the survivors .	The attackers looted the compound before Sudanese troops rescued the survivors .	sing_plur	5167
Witnesses saw ambulances rushing towards the scene of the explosion .	Witnesses saw ambulances rushing towards the scene of the explosions .	sing_plur	5171
Lance Armstrong challenged the candidate to make cancer a priority .	Lance Armstrong challenged the candidates to make cancer a priority .	sing_plur	5172
They faltered because of the concern .	They faltered because of the concerns .	sing_plur	5173
The disparity kept growing .	The disparities kept growing .	sing_plur	5174
During Halloween , they all break the rule .	During Halloween , they all break the rules .	sing_plur	5176
The coastal Alutiiq people are among the native population of Alaska .	The coastal Alutiiq people are among the native populations of Alaska .	sing_plur	5177
Local authorities declared three days of mourning for the dead miner .	Local authorities declared three days of mourning for the dead miners .	sing_plur	5178
But later he cannot remember what advice the doctor gave him .	But later he cannot remember what advice the doctors gave him .	sing_plur	5180
The United States is to fund about a quarter of the cost .	The United States is to fund about a quarter of the costs .	sing_plur	5181
BNP Paribas is resuming trading in the fund this week .	BNP Paribas is resuming trading in the funds this week .	sing_plur	5183
Jason Arnott , Alexander Radulov and Jordin Tootoo also scored for the Predator .	Jason Arnott , Alexander Radulov and Jordin Tootoo also scored for the Predators .	sing_plur	5184
Only the insect stirred .	Only the insects stirred .	sing_plur	5185
The animal I had when I was young definitely had lame names .	The animals I had when I was young definitely had lame names .	sing_plur	5186
Paper snowmen , trees and wreaths dotted the wall .	Paper snowmen , trees and wreaths dotted the walls .	sing_plur	5187
The Italian ruled the country for 51 years .	The Italians ruled the country for 51 years .	sing_plur	5188
Feed the child first .	Feed the children first .	sing_plur	5190
The announcement also intensifies the strained relation between the two countries .	The announcement also intensifies the strained relations between the two countries .	sing_plur	5191
Rather like the Florentine artist , I painted my friends .	Rather like the Florentine artists , I painted my friends .	sing_plur	5193
Florida State also fell out of the ranking .	Florida State also fell out of the rankings .	sing_plur	5196
Again , Edwards leveled the toughest charge against the New York senator .	Again , Edwards leveled the toughest charges against the New York senator .	sing_plur	5197
You 've got the Iraqi politician not even meeting now .	You 've got the Iraqi politicians not even meeting now .	sing_plur	5198
Latinos responded by taking to the street across the country .	Latinos responded by taking to the streets across the country .	sing_plur	5199
You count on the idea that the animal cannot reach you .	You count on the idea that the animals cannot reach you .	sing_plur	5200
We barely notice the star among us .	We barely notice the stars among us .	sing_plur	5201
A Google map displays the result .	A Google map displays the results .	sing_plur	5203
His land still bears the mark of war .	His land still bears the marks of war .	sing_plur	5204
The torturer lit up a charcoal fire under his back .	The torturers lit up a charcoal fire under his back .	sing_plur	5205
Actual results and experience could differ materially from the forward-looking statement .	Actual results and experience could differ materially from the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	5206
Akon , Rihanna and Avril Lavigne were also among the winner .	Akon , Rihanna and Avril Lavigne were also among the winners .	sing_plur	5207
By selling new stock , Merrill will dilute the stake of existing shareholders .	By selling new stock , Merrill will dilute the stakes of existing shareholders .	sing_plur	5208
The rule can be confusing .	The rules can be confusing .	sing_plur	5209
Other risk factors associated with ischemia directly affect the retinal ganglian cell .	Other risk factors associated with ischemia directly affect the retinal ganglian cells .	sing_plur	5210
Thousands of dollars placed in escrow simply disappeared , according to the paper .	Thousands of dollars placed in escrow simply disappeared , according to the papers .	sing_plur	5212
The other child played on that and tormented him at school .	The other children played on that and tormented him at school .	sing_plur	5214
The neighbor stayed for the whole thing .	The neighbors stayed for the whole thing .	sing_plur	5215
Militants fired small arms weapons at the pedestrian .	Militants fired small arms weapons at the pedestrians .	sing_plur	5216
The new charge could jeopardize his chances of applying to the drug-court program .	The new charges could jeopardize his chances of applying to the drug-court program .	sing_plur	5218
The result should be a wake-up call to business .	The results should be a wake-up call to business .	sing_plur	5222
The beating continued regularly until I was 11 or 12 .	The beatings continued regularly until I was 11 or 12 .	sing_plur	5223
So this summer Mr. Mrou decided to take his chances with the censor .	So this summer Mr. Mrou decided to take his chances with the censors .	sing_plur	5224
Neither officer was struck by the shot .	Neither officer was struck by the shots .	sing_plur	5225
Now we are all sullen and down in the dump .	Now we are all sullen and down in the dumps .	sing_plur	5229
The company has offered a reward to anyone who identifies the thief .	The company has offered a reward to anyone who identifies the thieves .	sing_plur	5230
We make the playoff last year .	We make the playoffs last year .	sing_plur	5232
Get the text in , Bhoys .	Get the texts in , Bhoys .	sing_plur	5233
We can now finally introduce that fashion moment of turning the table .	We can now finally introduce that fashion moment of turning the tables .	sing_plur	5234
The stake could not be higher .	The stakes could not be higher .	sing_plur	5235
Talks on such a team are now occurring between the party .	Talks on such a team are now occurring between the parties .	sing_plur	5236
I do not see any need for changing the current restriction .	I do not see any need for changing the current restrictions .	sing_plur	5237
And so I appreciate the builder .	And so I appreciate the builders .	sing_plur	5240
Hundreds of lawyers have been thrashed in the street .	Hundreds of lawyers have been thrashed in the streets .	sing_plur	5242
None had reached the island .	None had reached the islands .	sing_plur	5243
They say the TV appearance would harm the child .	They say the TV appearance would harm the children .	sing_plur	5244
Pakistan 's pace duo of Gul and Mohammad Asif provided the early breakthrough .	Pakistan 's pace duo of Gul and Mohammad Asif provided the early breakthroughs .	sing_plur	5246
Abe mined the cabinet of his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi .	Abe mined the cabinets of his predecessor , Junichiro Koizumi .	sing_plur	5247
And school officials say they were just following the rule .	And school officials say they were just following the rules .	sing_plur	5248
The gene that stimulated tumor growth also accelerated aging , Kenyon found .	The genes that stimulated tumor growth also accelerated aging , Kenyon found .	sing_plur	5249
In terms of the statistic , I cannot fault my players .	In terms of the statistics , I cannot fault my players .	sing_plur	5252
The 44-year-old Hillman has never played , coached or managed in the major .	The 44-year-old Hillman has never played , coached or managed in the majors .	sing_plur	5254
The child also healed more quickly and with fewer complications , he said .	The children also healed more quickly and with fewer complications , he said .	sing_plur	5255
I do not know where this leaves Nathan on the racist stake .	I do not know where this leaves Nathan on the racist stakes .	sing_plur	5256
The vessel chose not to turn around .	The vessels chose not to turn around .	sing_plur	5257
The three have not publicly discussed the allegation .	The three have not publicly discussed the allegations .	sing_plur	5258
Both stars later pled guilty to the charge .	Both stars later pled guilty to the charges .	sing_plur	5260
Overall , there were 11 players within five shots of the leader .	Overall , there were 11 players within five shots of the leaders .	sing_plur	5261
Then add the raisin , nuts , and whisky .	Then add the raisins , nuts , and whisky .	sing_plur	5263
The evidence includes photos that the man took of federal buildings here .	The evidence includes photos that the men took of federal buildings here .	sing_plur	5265
We have the hotel , the hospitality .	We have the hotels , the hospitality .	sing_plur	5266
But some teams just thrive because of their systems , not the player .	But some teams just thrive because of their systems , not the players .	sing_plur	5268
The bear , which endured all weathers , belonged to Marcus the Furrier .	The bears , which endured all weathers , belonged to Marcus the Furrier .	sing_plur	5269
This time the woman smiled too , a bit nervously .	This time the women smiled too , a bit nervously .	sing_plur	5270
The Spurs outscored the Clipper in the paint 52-30 .	The Spurs outscored the Clippers in the paint 52-30 .	sing_plur	5274
This is a story about the other day you should stay home .	This is a story about the other days you should stay home .	sing_plur	5276
The Brandts ' only other option is the court .	The Brandts ' only other option is the courts .	sing_plur	5279
Those were the good morning .	Those were the good mornings .	sing_plur	5280
The Beatles are the highest-profile holdout for digital distribution .	The Beatles are the highest-profile holdouts for digital distribution .	sing_plur	5283
For some , that means a nice long drive to the suburb .	For some , that means a nice long drive to the suburbs .	sing_plur	5284
Ron Kehrmann 's daughter died at the hand of a Palestinian suicide bomber .	Ron Kehrmann 's daughter died at the hands of a Palestinian suicide bomber .	sing_plur	5286
Some have risen to the highest level of government and business .	Some have risen to the highest levels of government and business .	sing_plur	5287
John McCain fails to pander to the masse .	John McCain fails to pander to the masses .	sing_plur	5289
Over the next day , the incident became fodder for news blogs .	Over the next days , the incident became fodder for news blogs .	sing_plur	5290
The helicopter carried the symbol of the International Committee of the Red Cross .	The helicopters carried the symbol of the International Committee of the Red Cross .	sing_plur	5291
Goudeau 's trial on the other criminal count has not yet been scheduled .	Goudeau 's trial on the other criminal counts has not yet been scheduled .	sing_plur	5293
The new law will indicate a willingness to change that .	The new laws will indicate a willingness to change that .	sing_plur	5294
Now , he said , Congress should absolve the company retroactively .	Now , he said , Congress should absolve the companies retroactively .	sing_plur	5296
In Europe we see the consequence everywhere .	In Europe we see the consequences everywhere .	sing_plur	5297
The man then took the taxi .	The men then took the taxi .	sing_plur	5299
That does not mean all those laws would be struck from the book .	That does not mean all those laws would be struck from the books .	sing_plur	5302
Negotiations for 12 others next year are in the work .	Negotiations for 12 others next year are in the works .	sing_plur	5303
Shahbaz Sharif has denied the allegation .	Shahbaz Sharif has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	5304
It was clearly a prospect that excited her , despite the risk .	It was clearly a prospect that excited her , despite the risks .	sing_plur	5305
Everyone seemed to be going through the motion .	Everyone seemed to be going through the motions .	sing_plur	5306
Diversion routes will be in place during the closure .	Diversion routes will be in place during the closures .	sing_plur	5308
He had little trouble getting the rebound and assists .	He had little trouble getting the rebounds and assists .	sing_plur	5309
The two sides further exchanged the document on water policies .	The two sides further exchanged the documents on water policies .	sing_plur	5310
About 20 Blackwater guards got out of the vehicle , according to witnesses .	About 20 Blackwater guards got out of the vehicles , according to witnesses .	sing_plur	5311
An inspector found the violation in April .	An inspector found the violations in April .	sing_plur	5312
Operators are blaming the delay on cell phones .	Operators are blaming the delays on cell phones .	sing_plur	5313
" Enterprise customers want the benefit of Ethernet , " Herda said .	" Enterprise customers want the benefits of Ethernet , " Herda said .	sing_plur	5314
Some officers were able to explain the discrepancy .	Some officers were able to explain the discrepancies .	sing_plur	5316
We found them only in the week after his suicide .	We found them only in the weeks after his suicide .	sing_plur	5317
German investigators said the suspect had been under surveillance for months .	German investigators said the suspects had been under surveillance for months .	sing_plur	5318
Each of the city in PGR4 is drawn by hand .	Each of the cities in PGR4 is drawn by hand .	sing_plur	5319
" We all believe in the same thing , " she said .	" We all believe in the same things , " she said .	sing_plur	5320
Police arrested the man on suspicion of commercial burglary .	Police arrested the men on suspicion of commercial burglary .	sing_plur	5322
A similar increase was seen in the brain of mice infected with HSV-1 .	A similar increase was seen in the brains of mice infected with HSV-1 .	sing_plur	5323
The UN and the Congolese army deny working with the rebel group .	The UN and the Congolese army deny working with the rebel groups .	sing_plur	5326
If anything , the oil-related story would seem to support higher prices .	If anything , the oil-related stories would seem to support higher prices .	sing_plur	5329
They are sharing oil revenues with the province .	They are sharing oil revenues with the provinces .	sing_plur	5330
" The medium is independent , " General Musharraf said .	" The media is independent , " General Musharraf said .	sing_plur	5331
The event will also focus on renowned Chinese human rights attorney Gao Zhisheng .	The events will also focus on renowned Chinese human rights attorney Gao Zhisheng .	sing_plur	5333
You should adjust the measurement to suit your clothing .	You should adjust the measurements to suit your clothing .	sing_plur	5334
Kibaki has vigorously denied the allegation .	Kibaki has vigorously denied the allegations .	sing_plur	5335
A few balls , like the Regenbogen , gently push the boundary .	A few balls , like the Regenbogen , gently push the boundaries .	sing_plur	5336
The Islamist did not cause us any problems .	The Islamists did not cause us any problems .	sing_plur	5337
I asked an American friend living in Paris about the bareheaded cyclist .	I asked an American friend living in Paris about the bareheaded cyclists .	sing_plur	5339
The war is even more unpopular among the masse .	The war is even more unpopular among the masses .	sing_plur	5341
His was the hard found music of the street .	His was the hard found music of the streets .	sing_plur	5343
Tell the other .	Tell the others .	sing_plur	5344
He rejects the charge .	He rejects the charges .	sing_plur	5345
The sister did not want to play .	The sisters did not want to play .	sing_plur	5346
I was off to the race .	I was off to the races .	sing_plur	5347
The juror had said in three previous notes that they were deadlocked .	The jurors had said in three previous notes that they were deadlocked .	sing_plur	5348
We played the game at hand .	We played the games at hand .	sing_plur	5349
Many people remain missing after the blast .	Many people remain missing after the blasts .	sing_plur	5351
The runner devised a short explanation .	The runners devised a short explanation .	sing_plur	5353
But the service he got in school were not very helpful .	But the services he got in school were not very helpful .	sing_plur	5356
The reporter discussed .	The reporters discussed .	sing_plur	5358
But the student at LUMS would beg to differ .	But the students at LUMS would beg to differ .	sing_plur	5360
The researcher found it had no positive impact on results .	The researchers found it had no positive impact on results .	sing_plur	5361
The statement in the following paragraphs are based on current expectations .	The statements in the following paragraphs are based on current expectations .	sing_plur	5363
So it looks like it will be Venus vs. Henin in the semifinal .	So it looks like it will be Venus vs. Henin in the semifinals .	sing_plur	5364
Many of the executive who shepherded Giant through its heyday have left .	Many of the executives who shepherded Giant through its heyday have left .	sing_plur	5365
It has not used the premise since 2001 .	It has not used the premises since 2001 .	sing_plur	5366
The commissioner clearly struggled with the language of the regulation .	The commissioners clearly struggled with the language of the regulation .	sing_plur	5367
Over the decade , she moved several times between New York and California .	Over the decades , she moved several times between New York and California .	sing_plur	5368
But the commission promised to shield the public from some of the increase .	But the commission promised to shield the public from some of the increases .	sing_plur	5369
And some small companies may continue selling the product .	And some small companies may continue selling the products .	sing_plur	5370
The plant raided were in Grand Island , Neb .	The plants raided were in Grand Island , Neb .	sing_plur	5371
The team split the four-game series .	The teams split the four-game series .	sing_plur	5372
Carona denied the allegation .	Carona denied the allegations .	sing_plur	5373
California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was among the celebrity in the crowd .	California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger was among the celebrities in the crowd .	sing_plur	5377
The couturier already had boutiques where they sold accessories .	The couturiers already had boutiques where they sold accessories .	sing_plur	5379
The performance changed the perception of Saturday 's game .	The performances changed the perception of Saturday 's game .	sing_plur	5381
The share rose 4.3p to 175.3p at 10am .	The shares rose 4.3p to 175.3p at 10am .	sing_plur	5382
The AU and UN will hold similar sessions with the armed movement .	The AU and UN will hold similar sessions with the armed movements .	sing_plur	5383
Police were not yet treating the death as suspicious , she said .	Police were not yet treating the deaths as suspicious , she said .	sing_plur	5387
" I support them , " Leno said of the writer .	" I support them , " Leno said of the writers .	sing_plur	5388
" " But now , there are very few people on the road .	" " But now , there are very few people on the roads .	sing_plur	5392
The shooting took place around 5 a.m. , the Navy said .	The shootings took place around 5 a.m. , the Navy said .	sing_plur	5393
They lead the major with 193 for the year .	They lead the majors with 193 for the year .	sing_plur	5395
It is going to have by far the best view .	It is going to have by far the best views .	sing_plur	5396
The customer who bought Apple Inc .	The customers who bought Apple Inc .	sing_plur	5397
The lawmaker said that Rep. Tom Lantos , D-Calif .	The lawmakers said that Rep. Tom Lantos , D-Calif .	sing_plur	5400
Markets are open and busy in the evening .	Markets are open and busy in the evenings .	sing_plur	5401
The Iraqi gave them credibility , gave them substance .	The Iraqis gave them credibility , gave them substance .	sing_plur	5402
Save the American homeowner .	Save the American homeowners .	sing_plur	5403
But the wife and mothers most often stay , Markelz said .	But the wives and mothers most often stay , Markelz said .	sing_plur	5404
Her son stared , mesmerized , at the waterfall .	Her son stared , mesmerized , at the waterfalls .	sing_plur	5405
Let me connect the dot for you .	Let me connect the dots for you .	sing_plur	5407
UPS said the new rate will take effect December 31 .	UPS said the new rates will take effect December 31 .	sing_plur	5408
For the most part , the defendant sat in silence .	For the most part , the defendants sat in silence .	sing_plur	5409
Tribes often split the profit by making payments to members .	Tribes often split the profits by making payments to members .	sing_plur	5411
Police said they had no suspects or motives in any of the incident .	Police said they had no suspects or motives in any of the incidents .	sing_plur	5412
Have fun in the elementary school .	Have fun in the elementary schools .	sing_plur	5413
The lawsuit cast a wider net .	The lawsuits cast a wider net .	sing_plur	5414
" I am encouraged by the answer , " Leahy told reporters .	" I am encouraged by the answers , " Leahy told reporters .	sing_plur	5415
The tree and shrubs crackled .	The trees and shrubs crackled .	sing_plur	5419
There are 11,000 prisoners in the jail .	There are 11,000 prisoners in the jails .	sing_plur	5420
Place the slice in a small bowl .	Place the slices in a small bowl .	sing_plur	5424
But the risk to even this outcome are on the downside .	But the risks to even this outcome are on the downside .	sing_plur	5425
It did not identify the title .	It did not identify the titles .	sing_plur	5426
Start rolling the ad .	Start rolling the ads .	sing_plur	5427
Two of the heir accepted my purchase offer .	Two of the heirs accepted my purchase offer .	sing_plur	5429
Now she is awaiting the result of an arbitration hearing .	Now she is awaiting the results of an arbitration hearing .	sing_plur	5430
He gave no details of the substance of the proposal .	He gave no details of the substance of the proposals .	sing_plur	5431
The internship will include mentors who are NASA scientists and engineers .	The internships will include mentors who are NASA scientists and engineers .	sing_plur	5432
The soldier raised  500 towards the appeal and no one was injured .	The soldiers raised  500 towards the appeal and no one was injured .	sing_plur	5433
North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the border of Rwanda and Uganda .	North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda .	sing_plur	5434
Men from the family stood among the coffin .	Men from the family stood among the coffins .	sing_plur	5436
The finding also highlight the narrowing gap between American and British pay settlements .	The findings also highlight the narrowing gap between American and British pay settlements .	sing_plur	5437
Linger longer A missed flight connection can ruin the holiday .	Linger longer A missed flight connection can ruin the holidays .	sing_plur	5438
The game nominated for the new category include Buzz !	The games nominated for the new category include Buzz !	sing_plur	5439
A few people typically drown in the river each year .	A few people typically drown in the rivers each year .	sing_plur	5440
Please expand on the pro and cons of tenants-in-common ownership .	Please expand on the pros and cons of tenants-in-common ownership .	sing_plur	5443
The arrest shook a state already suffering from an overdose of political corruption .	The arrests shook a state already suffering from an overdose of political corruption .	sing_plur	5444
The vehicle hit two gasoline pumps .	The vehicles hit two gasoline pumps .	sing_plur	5445
The result is a drumbeat of bad news in the weekly paper .	The result is a drumbeat of bad news in the weekly papers .	sing_plur	5446
She has given up scouring the street for found objects .	She has given up scouring the streets for found objects .	sing_plur	5447
The result topped market expectations .	The results topped market expectations .	sing_plur	5448
They are the compound responsible for keeping our skin firm and elastic .	They are the compounds responsible for keeping our skin firm and elastic .	sing_plur	5451
Most of them were given the shot .	Most of them were given the shots .	sing_plur	5453
We can talk about the politic in football .	We can talk about the politics in football .	sing_plur	5454
The six-month result additionally reflected greater fee revenue from private-placement transactions .	The six-month results additionally reflected greater fee revenue from private-placement transactions .	sing_plur	5455
The decade after the war saw a great American consensus .	The decades after the war saw a great American consensus .	sing_plur	5456
The team split the season series .	The teams split the season series .	sing_plur	5457
The camera clicked .	The cameras clicked .	sing_plur	5458
The criticism leveled at the FDA are right on target .	The criticisms leveled at the FDA are right on target .	sing_plur	5459
We live in an era when everyone knows better than the expert .	We live in an era when everyone knows better than the experts .	sing_plur	5462
The award began in 1901 .	The awards began in 1901 .	sing_plur	5463
Then , the umpire met to discuss it .	Then , the umpires met to discuss it .	sing_plur	5469
He said they would appeal the sentence .	He said they would appeal the sentences .	sing_plur	5470
We are starting the playoff with a Game 7 .	We are starting the playoffs with a Game 7 .	sing_plur	5471
Many are counting on advertising to pay the bill .	Many are counting on advertising to pay the bills .	sing_plur	5472
" " It was always on the card .	" " It was always on the cards .	sing_plur	5474
We have the Ethiopian in Somalia .	We have the Ethiopians in Somalia .	sing_plur	5476
The cut provoked a strong protest from the writer .	The cuts provoked a strong protest from the writer .	sing_plur	5480
Police were searching for the criminal .	Police were searching for the criminals .	sing_plur	5481
The change will be in place for a month .	The changes will be in place for a month .	sing_plur	5482
Climate change ironies about the decathlon were not lost on the student .	Climate change ironies about the decathlon were not lost on the students .	sing_plur	5484
The missing item included a hand-crocheted American flag and an elephant figurine .	The missing items included a hand-crocheted American flag and an elephant figurine .	sing_plur	5485
All in all it was a fun night with the star .	All in all it was a fun night with the stars .	sing_plur	5486
But the biggest barometer will be the reaction of the team .	But the biggest barometer will be the reaction of the teams .	sing_plur	5487
They were arrested as they tried to leave the country with the child .	They were arrested as they tried to leave the country with the children .	sing_plur	5488
But people were not the only one in need of assistance .	But people were not the only ones in need of assistance .	sing_plur	5489
Don 't confuse me with the fact .	Don 't confuse me with the facts .	sing_plur	5490
Forty-year-old Andy from Germany said he was opposed to the measure .	Forty-year-old Andy from Germany said he was opposed to the measures .	sing_plur	5491
The man later delivered Le Gouil to Puntland officials .	The men later delivered Le Gouil to Puntland officials .	sing_plur	5492
Those are the question for Jive Records as a weeklong nailbiter unfolds .	Those are the questions for Jive Records as a weeklong nailbiter unfolds .	sing_plur	5493
When he saw the officer , he ran into a field .	When he saw the officers , he ran into a field .	sing_plur	5494
Colorado sends out Franklin Morales against Micah Owings of the Diamondback .	Colorado sends out Franklin Morales against Micah Owings of the Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	5497
Highpine recorded goodwill on the acquisition of Kick , White Fire Energy Ltd .	Highpine recorded goodwill on the acquisitions of Kick , White Fire Energy Ltd .	sing_plur	5498
The Bear ( 1-1 ) hung on from there .	The Bears ( 1-1 ) hung on from there .	sing_plur	5499
" The issue may be uncomfortable to entertain , " Netshitenzhe wrote .	" The issues may be uncomfortable to entertain , " Netshitenzhe wrote .	sing_plur	5500
I just wanted to go to Kurdistan and fight in the mountain .	I just wanted to go to Kurdistan and fight in the mountains .	sing_plur	5503
It was the ego .	It was the egos .	sing_plur	5505
Flannery O 'Connor cued the light .	Flannery O 'Connor cued the lights .	sing_plur	5507
Henry " Henny " Youngman was the king of the one-liner .	Henry " Henny " Youngman was the king of the one-liners .	sing_plur	5508
They were each ordered to pay  2,844 towards the legal cost .	They were each ordered to pay  2,844 towards the legal costs .	sing_plur	5509
Smith 's final pick ended their slim hopes in the final minute .	Smith 's final pick ended their slim hopes in the final minutes .	sing_plur	5511
He will also have to finish merging the operation of Euronext .	He will also have to finish merging the operations of Euronext .	sing_plur	5512
Only McCarty promised to attend the caucus for Clinton .	Only McCarty promised to attend the caucuses for Clinton .	sing_plur	5513
Some of the sculpture weighed up to 800 pounds , Letourneau said .	Some of the sculptures weighed up to 800 pounds , Letourneau said .	sing_plur	5515
For added strength , double up the thin one .	For added strength , double up the thin ones .	sing_plur	5516
Staff could watch the game from any television on campus .	Staff could watch the games from any television on campus .	sing_plur	5518
Then the lefty got out of the jam with the strikeout .	Then the lefty got out of the jam with the strikeouts .	sing_plur	5523
Presentations will be made to the winner in 2008 .	Presentations will be made to the winners in 2008 .	sing_plur	5524
But when I have money , I want the drug .	But when I have money , I want the drugs .	sing_plur	5526
Backup catchers , they both batted a pedestrian .233 in the big league .	Backup catchers , they both batted a pedestrian .233 in the big leagues .	sing_plur	5527
Instead it was her repeat offense of maximum intensity that drew the nay .	Instead it was her repeat offense of maximum intensity that drew the nays .	sing_plur	5528
Teen stabbings are rarely out of the headline .	Teen stabbings are rarely out of the headlines .	sing_plur	5532
They also stand to move up one spot in the placing .	They also stand to move up one spot in the placings .	sing_plur	5533
" I see the parallel , " Patrick said .	" I see the parallels , " Patrick said .	sing_plur	5534
But Ferguson is excited by the possibility of the current crop .	But Ferguson is excited by the possibilities of the current crop .	sing_plur	5536
LBM also supplied the material and supervised the installation .	LBM also supplied the materials and supervised the installation .	sing_plur	5537
If the writers do strike , the first casualty could be late-night laughs .	If the writers do strike , the first casualties could be late-night laughs .	sing_plur	5539
In the other province , his support is very thin .	In the other provinces , his support is very thin .	sing_plur	5542
I am influenced by the set and costumes .	I am influenced by the sets and costumes .	sing_plur	5546
Several of the protester threw stones .	Several of the protesters threw stones .	sing_plur	5548
But some economists said they were concerned by the drop .	But some economists said they were concerned by the drops .	sing_plur	5552
But contact did not cease between Chronister and the contractor .	But contact did not cease between Chronister and the contractors .	sing_plur	5553
We knew anything could happen in the semi-final .	We knew anything could happen in the semi-finals .	sing_plur	5554
One also has to weigh the consequence .	One also has to weigh the consequences .	sing_plur	5555
Almost everyone followed the rule .	Almost everyone followed the rules .	sing_plur	5556
Excluding the special item , Abbott earned 67 cents a share .	Excluding the special items , Abbott earned 67 cents a share .	sing_plur	5557
The punk looked baffled and were clearly at a loss .	The punks looked baffled and were clearly at a loss .	sing_plur	5558
It also played down the chance of a takeover .	It also played down the chances of a takeover .	sing_plur	5561
The cap will be in effect through 2009 .	The caps will be in effect through 2009 .	sing_plur	5563
Instead , Mr Baluja holds the authority responsible for the mess .	Instead , Mr Baluja holds the authorities responsible for the mess .	sing_plur	5564
Finally , the mouse got urolithins orally or by abdominal injection .	Finally , the mice got urolithins orally or by abdominal injection .	sing_plur	5566
They are the one who would benefit from this low-risk procedure .	They are the ones who would benefit from this low-risk procedure .	sing_plur	5567
What the judge wanted seemed simple enough : Give directions to your house .	What the judges wanted seemed simple enough : Give directions to your house .	sing_plur	5568
You do not listen to the voice of the people !	You do not listen to the voices of the people !	sing_plur	5569
Normally that would fuel the complaint of detractors .	Normally that would fuel the complaints of detractors .	sing_plur	5570
Now the legal aspect may be falling into place too .	Now the legal aspects may be falling into place too .	sing_plur	5571
The sinker continues to befuddle the Yank .	The sinker continues to befuddle the Yanks .	sing_plur	5572
I can see rocks on both sides of the wingtip .	I can see rocks on both sides of the wingtips .	sing_plur	5574
I mean they were lined up hours before the door opened .	I mean they were lined up hours before the doors opened .	sing_plur	5575
The problem is with the questionable loan .	The problem is with the questionable loans .	sing_plur	5577
But the findings do not match the risk of dying .	But the findings do not match the risks of dying .	sing_plur	5578
The comment piled further pressure on the dollar .	The comments piled further pressure on the dollar .	sing_plur	5579
Proceeds from the transaction will be used for general corporate purposes .	Proceeds from the transactions will be used for general corporate purposes .	sing_plur	5580
The man never got a chance to identify themselves as police officers .	The men never got a chance to identify themselves as police officers .	sing_plur	5582
The House education committee posted the proposal on its Web site this week .	The House education committee posted the proposals on its Web site this week .	sing_plur	5584
Evyn also describes the feeling of guilt that plagued her .	Evyn also describes the feelings of guilt that plagued her .	sing_plur	5586
When he took batting practice , the camera clicked .	When he took batting practice , the cameras clicked .	sing_plur	5588
" Then they brought in the dog , " she said .	" Then they brought in the dogs , " she said .	sing_plur	5590
Gregory crashed chest-first into the ice as Petukhov slid into the board .	Gregory crashed chest-first into the ice as Petukhov slid into the boards .	sing_plur	5594
The mist close in .	The mists close in .	sing_plur	5595
The Hindu knew it as Manbai , Mumbadevi and Bambai .	The Hindus knew it as Manbai , Mumbadevi and Bambai .	sing_plur	5596
Roberts has denied the allegation .	Roberts has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	5597
The European Union and the United States congratulated Morocco on the election .	The European Union and the United States congratulated Morocco on the elections .	sing_plur	5599
Once your pen is flowing , you 'll recognise the key fact .	Once your pen is flowing , you 'll recognise the key facts .	sing_plur	5600
The initial recipient will be children in Uruguay , Peru and Mongolia .	The initial recipients will be children in Uruguay , Peru and Mongolia .	sing_plur	5601
Chad said it was " outraged " by the accusation .	Chad said it was " outraged " by the accusations .	sing_plur	5602
There were no distress beacons or mayday calls , the authority said .	There were no distress beacons or mayday calls , the authorities said .	sing_plur	5603
Lately a production starring Kiri Te Kanawa has been making the round .	Lately a production starring Kiri Te Kanawa has been making the rounds .	sing_plur	5604
Industrial production continued to make the largest positive contribution to the coincident index .	Industrial production continued to make the largest positive contributions to the coincident index .	sing_plur	5606
The Celtic barely broke a sweat in building a 77-38 halftime lead .	The Celtics barely broke a sweat in building a 77-38 halftime lead .	sing_plur	5607
No dates have been set in the other case against Lewis .	No dates have been set in the other cases against Lewis .	sing_plur	5608
Colin Montgomerie shot 70 to lie three shots behind the leader .	Colin Montgomerie shot 70 to lie three shots behind the leaders .	sing_plur	5610
But Gouws and most locals shrugged their shoulders about the famous visitor .	But Gouws and most locals shrugged their shoulders about the famous visitors .	sing_plur	5613
Click here to view the full result of the poll .	Click here to view the full results of the poll .	sing_plur	5614
The pharmacy chain said customers can return the product for a full refund .	The pharmacy chain said customers can return the products for a full refund .	sing_plur	5617
They are the only thing standing after a hurricane .	They are the only things standing after a hurricane .	sing_plur	5621
Companies used old tires or diesel fuel to ignite the open pit .	Companies used old tires or diesel fuel to ignite the open pits .	sing_plur	5622
The South Korean conglomerate vigorously denied the allegation .	The South Korean conglomerate vigorously denied the allegations .	sing_plur	5625
Step forward the judge .	Step forward the judges .	sing_plur	5628
Eighteen of the group tested positive for West Nile virus .	Eighteen of the groups tested positive for West Nile virus .	sing_plur	5629
The warrant will become exercisable beginning six months after the closing .	The warrants will become exercisable beginning six months after the closing .	sing_plur	5632
The rebel eventually stormed the base early Sunday , they said .	The rebels eventually stormed the base early Sunday , they said .	sing_plur	5635
The last one was in Minneapolis in the late ninety .	The last one was in Minneapolis in the late nineties .	sing_plur	5638
He is just someone who 's concerned about the kid .	He is just someone who 's concerned about the kids .	sing_plur	5639
The Net called a timeout and switched to a zone .	The Nets called a timeout and switched to a zone .	sing_plur	5641
The filmmaker hit it off .	The filmmakers hit it off .	sing_plur	5643
The Jet will be releasing an injury report Tuesday .	The Jets will be releasing an injury report Tuesday .	sing_plur	5645
The villager could plant their pistachio trees and resume their animal husbandry trade .	The villagers could plant their pistachio trees and resume their animal husbandry trade .	sing_plur	5647
People rooted for Kevin Federline to get the kid .	People rooted for Kevin Federline to get the kids .	sing_plur	5648
School guidance counselor June Neal has seen a measurable difference among the student .	School guidance counselor June Neal has seen a measurable difference among the students .	sing_plur	5649
The same flood killed 2,000 people in neighboring Haiti .	The same floods killed 2,000 people in neighboring Haiti .	sing_plur	5650
Persistently strong growth abroad and pent-up demand are the primary reason .	Persistently strong growth abroad and pent-up demand are the primary reasons .	sing_plur	5651
They still lead the standing by 3 points .	They still lead the standings by 3 points .	sing_plur	5652
The Red got him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	The Reds got him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	sing_plur	5654
The university has proposed upping the space to 592 by 2010 .	The university has proposed upping the spaces to 592 by 2010 .	sing_plur	5655
You are my enemies , the collaborator .	You are my enemies , the collaborators .	sing_plur	5658
Andrew seemed unusually content to stay at home in the evening .	Andrew seemed unusually content to stay at home in the evenings .	sing_plur	5659
It was the sixth increase since the last election three years ago .	It was the sixth increase since the last elections three years ago .	sing_plur	5660
The attack killed 202 people , including 88 Australians .	The attacks killed 202 people , including 88 Australians .	sing_plur	5661
Pentagon officials did not dispute the seriousness of the problem .	Pentagon officials did not dispute the seriousness of the problems .	sing_plur	5662
The flight will last into the night .	The flights will last into the night .	sing_plur	5664
Not everyone is ready to scrap the ranking .	Not everyone is ready to scrap the rankings .	sing_plur	5666
Two urns were lost years ago when vandals reportedly broke open the door .	Two urns were lost years ago when vandals reportedly broke open the doors .	sing_plur	5667
The row , though , go on .	The rows , though , go on .	sing_plur	5668
The result will then be sent to the government .	The results will then be sent to the government .	sing_plur	5669
The researcher analyzed 558 separate accidents .	The researchers analyzed 558 separate accidents .	sing_plur	5670
Sports output under his control increasingly filled the schedule .	Sports output under his control increasingly filled the schedules .	sing_plur	5673
Over the year , Boland has seen its attendance policies loosen .	Over the years , Boland has seen its attendance policies loosen .	sing_plur	5674
And somethings are off the limit , period .	And somethings are off the limits , period .	sing_plur	5675
The team had swapped late field goals to force the extra play .	The teams had swapped late field goals to force the extra play .	sing_plur	5679
This is how I feel about the change .	This is how I feel about the changes .	sing_plur	5681
Los Angeles won 15 of the 19 games between the team last year .	Los Angeles won 15 of the 19 games between the teams last year .	sing_plur	5683
In both cases , Ware recommended the charge be dismissed .	In both cases , Ware recommended the charges be dismissed .	sing_plur	5684
They say the officer did not return the fire .	They say the officers did not return the fire .	sing_plur	5690
But this lively discussion has not really reached the presidential debate .	But this lively discussion has not really reached the presidential debates .	sing_plur	5693
Compared to the situation he handled in Iraq , workplace predicaments seem tame .	Compared to the situations he handled in Iraq , workplace predicaments seem tame .	sing_plur	5694
He emphasized the measure would not harm the animals .	He emphasized the measures would not harm the animals .	sing_plur	5695
The problem is Chicago may not make the playoff .	The problem is Chicago may not make the playoffs .	sing_plur	5696
The visitor started brightly and were 7-0 up inside four minutes .	The visitors started brightly and were 7-0 up inside four minutes .	sing_plur	5698
Chicago is not lagging behind the other at this stage .	Chicago is not lagging behind the others at this stage .	sing_plur	5699
Ban the sock .	Ban the socks .	sing_plur	5701
The boy had a few drinks , just relaxing after the game .	The boys had a few drinks , just relaxing after the game .	sing_plur	5702
Customers also benefit from the new service .	Customers also benefit from the new services .	sing_plur	5703
But we lean forward to the next crazy venture beneath the sky .	But we lean forward to the next crazy venture beneath the skies .	sing_plur	5705
He said the record went back roughly 25 years .	He said the records went back roughly 25 years .	sing_plur	5706
We played the right shot on every hole .	We played the right shots on every hole .	sing_plur	5707
The pupil also appeared to enjoy having the puppy around .	The pupils also appeared to enjoy having the puppy around .	sing_plur	5708
Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell had no comment on the specific in the report .	Blackwater spokeswoman Anne Tyrrell had no comment on the specifics in the report .	sing_plur	5709
North Thanet could see five post office branches closed under the plan .	North Thanet could see five post office branches closed under the plans .	sing_plur	5711
The crowd was obviously showing that they thought the umpire overreacted .	The crowd was obviously showing that they thought the umpires overreacted .	sing_plur	5712
They divide time with the child equally .	They divide time with the children equally .	sing_plur	5715
They are demanding the same freedom .	They are demanding the same freedoms .	sing_plur	5717
I do not like the British one .	I do not like the British ones .	sing_plur	5718
But there are places where the dredger cannot go .	But there are places where the dredgers cannot go .	sing_plur	5719
Voters ultimately blamed the trouble on President Hipolito Mejia and political allies .	Voters ultimately blamed the troubles on President Hipolito Mejia and political allies .	sing_plur	5720
Here 's where the judge had a problem .	Here 's where the judges had a problem .	sing_plur	5721
I do not want the scientist to be sad .	I do not want the scientists to be sad .	sing_plur	5723
But the build-up to the warning may be playing a role .	But the build-up to the warnings may be playing a role .	sing_plur	5724
The aid comes ashore ; just the necessity for simple survival .	The aid comes ashore ; just the necessities for simple survival .	sing_plur	5725
Fortunately , it appears to be safe from the fire .	Fortunately , it appears to be safe from the fires .	sing_plur	5726
Everybody goes through the same emotion .	Everybody goes through the same emotions .	sing_plur	5727
Then closes by summing up the key point of his political agenda .	Then closes by summing up the key points of his political agenda .	sing_plur	5728
Russell said the project also brought and trained local workers .	Russell said the projects also brought and trained local workers .	sing_plur	5729
The politician can say what they want .	The politicians can say what they want .	sing_plur	5730
The team exchanged touchdowns in the game 's final 2 : 40 .	The teams exchanged touchdowns in the game 's final 2 : 40 .	sing_plur	5731
Spammers use false information to try to circumvent the filter .	Spammers use false information to try to circumvent the filters .	sing_plur	5732
The people who have the ultimate say are the voter .	The people who have the ultimate say are the voters .	sing_plur	5741
" The poem took a long time , " he says .	" The poems took a long time , " he says .	sing_plur	5742
Losses have been estimated in the hundred of millions of dollars .	Losses have been estimated in the hundreds of millions of dollars .	sing_plur	5743
The share will be subject to certain time and performance-restricted vesting criteria .	The shares will be subject to certain time and performance-restricted vesting criteria .	sing_plur	5744
Warhol asked most of the question .	Warhol asked most of the questions .	sing_plur	5745
The Viking also mounted expeditions to the coast of North America .	The Vikings also mounted expeditions to the coast of North America .	sing_plur	5746
Free Press and Public Knowledge are seeking the fine .	Free Press and Public Knowledge are seeking the fines .	sing_plur	5747
The 19-month-old did not .	The 19-month-olds did not .	sing_plur	5748
It was the Iranian .	It was the Iranians .	sing_plur	5749
The comment drew condemnation from British lawmakers , scientists , and equality campaigners .	The comments drew condemnation from British lawmakers , scientists , and equality campaigners .	sing_plur	5750
There was no change for the other district .	There was no change for the other districts .	sing_plur	5752
The man had witnessed Kadhum and her son get shot , then burn .	The men had witnessed Kadhum and her son get shot , then burn .	sing_plur	5755
The Colombian government denied involvement and accused FARC of executing the deputy .	The Colombian government denied involvement and accused FARC of executing the deputies .	sing_plur	5756
" The key burned , " Mr. Navarez said .	" The keys burned , " Mr. Navarez said .	sing_plur	5757
Shepherds used poisoned baits and improved firearms to kill the bird .	Shepherds used poisoned baits and improved firearms to kill the birds .	sing_plur	5758
Campbell has denied the claim .	Campbell has denied the claims .	sing_plur	5759
You can tell by the car .	You can tell by the cars .	sing_plur	5760
" " I just leave the memory .	" " I just leave the memories .	sing_plur	5762
Police combed the street .	Police combed the streets .	sing_plur	5764
Again , they told me to confess and hit me on the leg .	Again , they told me to confess and hit me on the legs .	sing_plur	5765
Paul has been lagging in the poll behind Republican front-runners .	Paul has been lagging in the polls behind Republican front-runners .	sing_plur	5766
But the committee will undoubtedly offer suggestions .	But the committees will undoubtedly offer suggestions .	sing_plur	5767
Each of the brother finds solace in simple escape .	Each of the brothers finds solace in simple escape .	sing_plur	5770
It was hoped the grainy image would help identify the killer .	It was hoped the grainy images would help identify the killer .	sing_plur	5772
The vehicle operated without human guidance and relied only on sensors and computers .	The vehicles operated without human guidance and relied only on sensors and computers .	sing_plur	5779
The image seemed deliberately chosen to maximize Marvel 's marketing opportunities .	The images seemed deliberately chosen to maximize Marvel 's marketing opportunities .	sing_plur	5780
The other listened in perplexed silence as Obermann continued his oration .	The others listened in perplexed silence as Obermann continued his oration .	sing_plur	5781
The Jets took the ball instead of the point .	The Jets took the ball instead of the points .	sing_plur	5782
The officer escorted her home , she said .	The officers escorted her home , she said .	sing_plur	5784
The United States won the woman 's team gold Wednesday night .	The United States won the women 's team gold Wednesday night .	sing_plur	5789
One country should not monopolize the other .	One country should not monopolize the others .	sing_plur	5791
One coalition solider was wounded in the raid , it said .	One coalition solider was wounded in the raids , it said .	sing_plur	5792
The army was using helicopters to spray water over the blaze .	The army was using helicopters to spray water over the blazes .	sing_plur	5793
Brian has always had the best interest of the country at heart .	Brian has always had the best interests of the country at heart .	sing_plur	5794
I like the praline quite coarse , not powdery .	I like the pralines quite coarse , not powdery .	sing_plur	5795
Such are the vagary of this unpredictable time .	Such are the vagaries of this unpredictable time .	sing_plur	5797
You ain 't got the same worry .	You ain 't got the same worries .	sing_plur	5798
The remark drew boos from the crowd .	The remarks drew boos from the crowd .	sing_plur	5799
She says the incident happened after Spears got out of rehab .	She says the incidents happened after Spears got out of rehab .	sing_plur	5800
The bacterium is E. coli O157 : H7 .	The bacteria is E. coli O157 : H7 .	sing_plur	5801
And this enemy is the loophole .	And this enemy is the loopholes .	sing_plur	5802
The United States has refused to renew his visa because of the riot .	The United States has refused to renew his visa because of the riots .	sing_plur	5804
2 , the initial X-ray showed only a contusion .	2 , the initial X-rays showed only a contusion .	sing_plur	5805
I am sure the player will respond in the right way .	I am sure the players will respond in the right way .	sing_plur	5808
But CNN plans to ignore the wisdom-of-crowds approach and pick the clip itself .	But CNN plans to ignore the wisdom-of-crowds approach and pick the clips itself .	sing_plur	5809
Many are already punching Djokovic 's ticket to the semifinal .	Many are already punching Djokovic 's ticket to the semifinals .	sing_plur	5810
The wave just hit you and hit you .	The waves just hit you and hit you .	sing_plur	5811
The activist said prosecutors treated blacks more harshly than whites .	The activists said prosecutors treated blacks more harshly than whites .	sing_plur	5812
The tie only strengthened after Giuliani left City Hall .	The ties only strengthened after Giuliani left City Hall .	sing_plur	5813
The justice did not indicate when they would rule .	The justices did not indicate when they would rule .	sing_plur	5814
Other executives also acknowledged the challenge facing the industry .	Other executives also acknowledged the challenges facing the industry .	sing_plur	5817
The proposal will be presented to EU ministers today .	The proposals will be presented to EU ministers today .	sing_plur	5818
Studies found that the cream improves crepeyness around the eye after two weeks .	Studies found that the cream improves crepeyness around the eyes after two weeks .	sing_plur	5819
The last goal was scored four years ago in the final against Sweden .	The last goal was scored four years ago in the finals against Sweden .	sing_plur	5820
And it has been associated with brain tumors , the researcher said .	And it has been associated with brain tumors , the researchers said .	sing_plur	5821
The SDC has acknowledged the environmental concern in its report .	The SDC has acknowledged the environmental concerns in its report .	sing_plur	5822
Equally relentless were the Canadian fan .	Equally relentless were the Canadian fans .	sing_plur	5825
Laundry continues to fly its bunting across the tall alley .	Laundry continues to fly its bunting across the tall alleys .	sing_plur	5826
Iran has responded to the sanction by expanding enrichment .	Iran has responded to the sanctions by expanding enrichment .	sing_plur	5827
French High Commissioner rejects the proposal , sparking nationalist protests .	French High Commissioner rejects the proposals , sparking nationalist protests .	sing_plur	5828
He can lead on the front line .	He can lead on the front lines .	sing_plur	5829
This is an ideal way to create organisms resistant to the drug .	This is an ideal way to create organisms resistant to the drugs .	sing_plur	5830
Fewer Americans , to hear it from the expert .	Fewer Americans , to hear it from the experts .	sing_plur	5831
Qatar plans to invest  3.5 billion building and renovating the store .	Qatar plans to invest  3.5 billion building and renovating the stores .	sing_plur	5832
It also ranks among the dreariest public facility anywhere .	It also ranks among the dreariest public facilities anywhere .	sing_plur	5833
And the answer to all these questions may not arrive until then .	And the answers to all these questions may not arrive until then .	sing_plur	5834
But she shares in the concern of our partners .	But she shares in the concerns of our partners .	sing_plur	5835
He and Bryant were the only Laker in double figures .	He and Bryant were the only Lakers in double figures .	sing_plur	5837
About 10 million people use the train each day .	About 10 million people use the trains each day .	sing_plur	5839
The 49er finished 5-11 .	The 49ers finished 5-11 .	sing_plur	5840
Before then , the candidate will go through a two-stage bid procedure .	Before then , the candidates will go through a two-stage bid procedure .	sing_plur	5841
You get to the cloud !	You get to the clouds !	sing_plur	5842
Just leave the spotlight alone .	Just leave the spotlights alone .	sing_plur	5843
Mr Fielder-Civil denies the charge .	Mr Fielder-Civil denies the charges .	sing_plur	5844
Rajon Rondo dished up 10 assists for the winner .	Rajon Rondo dished up 10 assists for the winners .	sing_plur	5845
It is good for the kid .	It is good for the kids .	sing_plur	5846
They say the guard fired on people for no reason .	They say the guards fired on people for no reason .	sing_plur	5849
But the benefits outweigh the risk .	But the benefits outweigh the risks .	sing_plur	5850
When it is nice and foamy , pour in the egg .	When it is nice and foamy , pour in the eggs .	sing_plur	5851
They are most likely out at the bar , he said .	They are most likely out at the bars , he said .	sing_plur	5852
Across the street , Ashok Kaul abandons his debris to join the neighbor .	Across the street , Ashok Kaul abandons his debris to join the neighbors .	sing_plur	5853
Actual results may differ significantly from the result described in the forward-looking statements .	Actual results may differ significantly from the results described in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	5854
" We are the underdog without a doubt , " Calderwood added .	" We are the underdogs without a doubt , " Calderwood added .	sing_plur	5855
She gave no indication of the content of the conversation .	She gave no indication of the content of the conversations .	sing_plur	5856
" I have the receipt , " Hart said .	" I have the receipts , " Hart said .	sing_plur	5857
I especially thank the Nigerian authority for their help .	I especially thank the Nigerian authorities for their help .	sing_plur	5858
It raised sad laughter and raucous applause from the crowd outside .	It raised sad laughter and raucous applause from the crowds outside .	sing_plur	5859
They had concluded that the dye was harming the fragile egg .	They had concluded that the dye was harming the fragile eggs .	sing_plur	5860
The ruling was decided by a 6-3 vote among the justice .	The ruling was decided by a 6-3 vote among the justices .	sing_plur	5862
I miss the excitement of a quick spray-paint on the wall .	I miss the excitement of a quick spray-paint on the walls .	sing_plur	5863
Carefully rinse out the shell and set aside to dry .	Carefully rinse out the shells and set aside to dry .	sing_plur	5866
On this issue , Giuliani has been somewhat successful in blurring the distinction .	On this issue , Giuliani has been somewhat successful in blurring the distinctions .	sing_plur	5870
You recently visited Egypt ; you had meetings at the highest level .	You recently visited Egypt ; you had meetings at the highest levels .	sing_plur	5874
The Diamondback also clinched home-field advantage throughout the playoffs .	The Diamondbacks also clinched home-field advantage throughout the playoffs .	sing_plur	5875
Britain 's defense ministry could not immediately confirm the detail .	Britain 's defense ministry could not immediately confirm the details .	sing_plur	5876
Finally , the tool could still be even simpler and provide higher value .	Finally , the tools could still be even simpler and provide higher value .	sing_plur	5877
The pirate wanted to throw it to the sharks .	The pirates wanted to throw it to the sharks .	sing_plur	5878
Alonso could not be bothered to come out of the pit .	Alonso could not be bothered to come out of the pits .	sing_plur	5879
We told them that they were the occupier .	We told them that they were the occupiers .	sing_plur	5881
He was absolutely fantastic with his work for the old boy .	He was absolutely fantastic with his work for the old boys .	sing_plur	5882
The other all recovered .	The others all recovered .	sing_plur	5883
I think a lot of the thing he is done are great .	I think a lot of the things he is done are great .	sing_plur	5884
Within days activists were out on the street in protest .	Within days activists were out on the streets in protest .	sing_plur	5885
It is the other driver I cannot stand .	It is the other drivers I cannot stand .	sing_plur	5886
The trick : Stop and smell the rose .	The trick : Stop and smell the roses .	sing_plur	5887
The guy showed a lot of commitment , especially our amateur players .	The guys showed a lot of commitment , especially our amateur players .	sing_plur	5888
But Ainge tried to temper the expectation somewhat .	But Ainge tried to temper the expectations somewhat .	sing_plur	5889
The remark drew widespread criticism in the West .	The remarks drew widespread criticism in the West .	sing_plur	5891
Haas will meet up with Davydenko in the quarterfinal .	Haas will meet up with Davydenko in the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	5893
The 27-nation European Union controls 32.09 percent of the vote .	The 27-nation European Union controls 32.09 percent of the votes .	sing_plur	5896
We are treating the animal humanely .	We are treating the animals humanely .	sing_plur	5898
Certain Insiders of the Company have committed to acquire 366,647 of the unit .	Certain Insiders of the Company have committed to acquire 366,647 of the units .	sing_plur	5899
He said he was disappointed but not surprised by the allegation .	He said he was disappointed but not surprised by the allegations .	sing_plur	5901
You look at the player on the Philly team .	You look at the players on the Philly team .	sing_plur	5902
This one felt far different from the other .	This one felt far different from the others .	sing_plur	5906
The sixth anniversary of the terrorist attack is Tuesday .	The sixth anniversary of the terrorist attacks is Tuesday .	sing_plur	5908
It was the first time they addressed the issue in depth .	It was the first time they addressed the issues in depth .	sing_plur	5909
I want the guy I played with to do well .	I want the guys I played with to do well .	sing_plur	5910
But the path they took could not have been more different .	But the paths they took could not have been more different .	sing_plur	5911
Sweden will claim a place in the final with a victory .	Sweden will claim a place in the finals with a victory .	sing_plur	5912
Now they have several more projects cooking for TV and the movie .	Now they have several more projects cooking for TV and the movies .	sing_plur	5913
He found himself forgetting the name of people he knew well .	He found himself forgetting the names of people he knew well .	sing_plur	5914
The girl looked much healthier at Chanel .	The girls looked much healthier at Chanel .	sing_plur	5916
These are uncertain even by the standard of monetary policymaking .	These are uncertain even by the standards of monetary policymaking .	sing_plur	5917
Whenever I do anything wrong it is on the front page .	Whenever I do anything wrong it is on the front pages .	sing_plur	5918
She did not address whether the victim had teased the tiger .	She did not address whether the victims had teased the tiger .	sing_plur	5920
Many Shiite and Kurdish leaders are eager to implement the provision .	Many Shiite and Kurdish leaders are eager to implement the provisions .	sing_plur	5921
Two to four inches of rain are expected to accompany the wind .	Two to four inches of rain are expected to accompany the winds .	sing_plur	5922
Obama has accused Clinton of not being clear on the issue .	Obama has accused Clinton of not being clear on the issues .	sing_plur	5923
Alison was asking , looking wildly at the other .	Alison was asking , looking wildly at the others .	sing_plur	5924
I still love mine and believe the pros far outweigh the con .	I still love mine and believe the pros far outweigh the cons .	sing_plur	5927
A strike would affect most of the theatre on Broadway .	A strike would affect most of the theatres on Broadway .	sing_plur	5928
We had to do the little thing .	We had to do the little things .	sing_plur	5929
" The fund will be controlled by us , " one official said .	" The funds will be controlled by us , " one official said .	sing_plur	5930
The new finding could force other supernova seekers to change their searching techniques .	The new findings could force other supernova seekers to change their searching techniques .	sing_plur	5931
The scientist said animal and plant life was already being disrupted .	The scientists said animal and plant life was already being disrupted .	sing_plur	5932
Leahy said he asked for the document several weeks ago .	Leahy said he asked for the documents several weeks ago .	sing_plur	5933
Stout declined to comment on the new case .	Stout declined to comment on the new cases .	sing_plur	5934
The concern weighed heavily on stock markets overseas .	The concerns weighed heavily on stock markets overseas .	sing_plur	5936
In response , the man fell to their knees in prayer .	In response , the men fell to their knees in prayer .	sing_plur	5937
Whether it was illegal or not was up to the court .	Whether it was illegal or not was up to the courts .	sing_plur	5938
The woman claimed the company 's hormone replacement drugs caused their breast cancer .	The women claimed the company 's hormone replacement drugs caused their breast cancer .	sing_plur	5940
We compensate for these limitations by providing investors with the reconciliation below .	We compensate for these limitations by providing investors with the reconciliations below .	sing_plur	5942
We took immediate steps to address the problem at Walter Reed .	We took immediate steps to address the problems at Walter Reed .	sing_plur	5944
In addition to the loss of life , the accident can be expensive .	In addition to the loss of life , the accidents can be expensive .	sing_plur	5945
The patient completed surveys about their dietary habits during the past year .	The patients completed surveys about their dietary habits during the past year .	sing_plur	5947
But the container could not be freed .	But the containers could not be freed .	sing_plur	5950
Officials are now re-examining the circumstance of her death .	Officials are now re-examining the circumstances of her death .	sing_plur	5952
The pitcher provided a sharp contrast .	The pitchers provided a sharp contrast .	sing_plur	5953
The FBI made the latest arrest , according to the Associated Press .	The FBI made the latest arrests , according to the Associated Press .	sing_plur	5954
The tourist also won the first match by 45 runs in Lahore .	The tourists also won the first match by 45 runs in Lahore .	sing_plur	5955
But the buzz has yet to hit the street .	But the buzz has yet to hit the streets .	sing_plur	5956
Meanwhile , military analysts caution against worrying too much about the particular .	Meanwhile , military analysts caution against worrying too much about the particulars .	sing_plur	5957
Poulter was fooled more than once by the pace of the green .	Poulter was fooled more than once by the pace of the greens .	sing_plur	5958
He read the biography and the studies .	He read the biographies and the studies .	sing_plur	5960
You 're just expected not to touch the picture .	You 're just expected not to touch the pictures .	sing_plur	5961
Then came the demonstration and the crackdown .	Then came the demonstrations and the crackdown .	sing_plur	5963
Working off the calory is essential .	Working off the calories is essential .	sing_plur	5965
She is in accord with the issue .	She is in accord with the issues .	sing_plur	5967
Michael Hopkins also wrote a wonderful letter to the planner .	Michael Hopkins also wrote a wonderful letter to the planners .	sing_plur	5969
Some retailers said they were immune to the change .	Some retailers said they were immune to the changes .	sing_plur	5970
But the risk they took were often poor ones .	But the risks they took were often poor ones .	sing_plur	5971
But as the day wore on , temperatures slowly began to rise .	But as the days wore on , temperatures slowly began to rise .	sing_plur	5972
They also said they had " spoken " to Kennedy about the comment .	They also said they had " spoken " to Kennedy about the comments .	sing_plur	5973
Customs officers intercepted the shipment and turned the chimp over to the shelter .	Customs officers intercepted the shipment and turned the chimps over to the shelter .	sing_plur	5974
It could only remove the photo afterwards .	It could only remove the photos afterwards .	sing_plur	5975
The tile will be returned for analysis .	The tiles will be returned for analysis .	sing_plur	5976
The Justice Department also has opened an internal investigation into the matter .	The Justice Department also has opened an internal investigation into the matters .	sing_plur	5978
Her sister remembered the campfire .	Her sister remembered the campfires .	sing_plur	5979
Josefina Villanueva said there had been no ransom demand from the pirate .	Josefina Villanueva said there had been no ransom demand from the pirates .	sing_plur	5980
The sign remained at 21 of them last week .	The signs remained at 21 of them last week .	sing_plur	5982
The man dug graves , symbolizing their determination to hold the land .	The men dug graves , symbolizing their determination to hold the land .	sing_plur	5983
The rhythm temporarily lifted the crowd 's spirits .	The rhythms temporarily lifted the crowd 's spirits .	sing_plur	5984
The Diamondback drew 2,325,233 , their highest attendance since 2004 .	The Diamondbacks drew 2,325,233 , their highest attendance since 2004 .	sing_plur	5986
Investors have brought lawsuits against the company in some cases .	Investors have brought lawsuits against the companies in some cases .	sing_plur	5987
It was a reminder of the danger of that lifestyle .	It was a reminder of the dangers of that lifestyle .	sing_plur	5989
The developer will also build 100 units of affordable housing .	The developers will also build 100 units of affordable housing .	sing_plur	5990
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff planned to speak to the mourner .	Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff planned to speak to the mourners .	sing_plur	5993
The Syrian Jew might have done the same .	The Syrian Jews might have done the same .	sing_plur	5994
And Mr. Sapp said he never received a copy of the file .	And Mr. Sapp said he never received a copy of the files .	sing_plur	5995
A court has twice rejected the charge .	A court has twice rejected the charges .	sing_plur	5996
That has changed over the year .	That has changed over the years .	sing_plur	5997
In some ways , Mr Sarkozy needs a show-down with the union .	In some ways , Mr Sarkozy needs a show-down with the unions .	sing_plur	5999
We wish each other well on the holiday .	We wish each other well on the holidays .	sing_plur	6000
The share ended down 2  p at 530  p .	The shares ended down 2  p at 530  p .	sing_plur	6001
Even the spoons are different , the toy .	Even the spoons are different , the toys .	sing_plur	6002
Abraham said was he familiar with all of the suspect .	Abraham said was he familiar with all of the suspects .	sing_plur	6004
The tougher law may yet succeed .	The tougher laws may yet succeed .	sing_plur	6005
Any application written in Google 's OpenSocial can be embedded in the profile .	Any application written in Google 's OpenSocial can be embedded in the profiles .	sing_plur	6006
Differences over who should get coverage have clearly narrowed over the past month .	Differences over who should get coverage have clearly narrowed over the past months .	sing_plur	6007
The soldier from Klascius 's Apache Troop rushed to the scene .	The soldiers from Klascius 's Apache Troop rushed to the scene .	sing_plur	6008
The winning bidder will pay a buyer 's premium of 19.5 percent .	The winning bidders will pay a buyer 's premium of 19.5 percent .	sing_plur	6009
The monk said they would march again next week .	The monks said they would march again next week .	sing_plur	6011
Coalition troops had about 250 of the insurgent surrounded .	Coalition troops had about 250 of the insurgents surrounded .	sing_plur	6013
The player knew exactly what they were getting themselves into .	The players knew exactly what they were getting themselves into .	sing_plur	6015
Jacobson 's Nancy is the most deliciously misplaced of the character .	Jacobson 's Nancy is the most deliciously misplaced of the characters .	sing_plur	6016
The rest of the campaign will report July-September figures .	The rest of the campaigns will report July-September figures .	sing_plur	6017
The road was closed again after the monk passed .	The road was closed again after the monks passed .	sing_plur	6018
Yes , you can do the gesture .	Yes , you can do the gestures .	sing_plur	6019
Some individuals were turned away , the witness said .	Some individuals were turned away , the witnesses said .	sing_plur	6020
The officer started approaching the tiger , bearing their handguns .	The officers started approaching the tiger , bearing their handguns .	sing_plur	6022
She died in the arm of her Italian daughter-in-law , Sonia .	She died in the arms of her Italian daughter-in-law , Sonia .	sing_plur	6023
They stanched the child 's wounds , administered intravenous fluids and provided comfort .	They stanched the children 's wounds , administered intravenous fluids and provided comfort .	sing_plur	6024
Ms Widdecombe accuses him of blurring the line between right and wrong .	Ms Widdecombe accuses him of blurring the lines between right and wrong .	sing_plur	6025
" I do not think they have the gut , " she said .	" I do not think they have the guts , " she said .	sing_plur	6027
U.S. policy now is an enormous roll of the die .	U.S. policy now is an enormous roll of the dice .	sing_plur	6029
Ironically , they were the poorest performer .	Ironically , they were the poorest performers .	sing_plur	6030
They found most of the study lacking .	They found most of the studies lacking .	sing_plur	6031
You 've got to be able to handle the medium .	You 've got to be able to handle the media .	sing_plur	6033
The producer then walked out .	The producers then walked out .	sing_plur	6034
We appreciate his dedication and contribution to the Company over the year .	We appreciate his dedication and contribution to the Company over the years .	sing_plur	6038
For the communist , however , it is unacceptable .	For the communists , however , it is unacceptable .	sing_plur	6039
You do not own any of the asset .	You do not own any of the assets .	sing_plur	6043
They want to smell the money coming off the page .	They want to smell the money coming off the pages .	sing_plur	6044
Here the job must be union jobs with living wages and benefits .	Here the jobs must be union jobs with living wages and benefits .	sing_plur	6046
Most experts expect the number to continue to grow .	Most experts expect the numbers to continue to grow .	sing_plur	6047
The coroner 's office was working to identify the worker .	The coroner 's office was working to identify the workers .	sing_plur	6048
ABC News Medical Editor Dr. Tim Johnson broke down the new recommendation .	ABC News Medical Editor Dr. Tim Johnson broke down the new recommendations .	sing_plur	6049
The musician could then play any song they wanted .	The musicians could then play any song they wanted .	sing_plur	6050
In January 2004 , prosecutors dropped the charge against Mr. Victor .	In January 2004 , prosecutors dropped the charges against Mr. Victor .	sing_plur	6051
Most commented on the wider benefit , it said .	Most commented on the wider benefits , it said .	sing_plur	6052
Dinner tonight is the leftover .	Dinner tonight is the leftovers .	sing_plur	6054
The initial change curtailed presidential powers .	The initial changes curtailed presidential powers .	sing_plur	6057
He fully understands the danger of al Qaeda .	He fully understands the dangers of al Qaeda .	sing_plur	6059
Nor did it explain the circumstance of the injury .	Nor did it explain the circumstances of the injury .	sing_plur	6060
I do not know what half the girl would do without them .	I do not know what half the girls would do without them .	sing_plur	6061
It is holding the staff accountable and the player accountable .	It is holding the staff accountable and the players accountable .	sing_plur	6062
The first concern how to improve our health-care system .	The first concerns how to improve our health-care system .	sing_plur	6063
The Bill had no life against the Steelers .	The Bills had no life against the Steelers .	sing_plur	6064
Both annual figures registered the biggest gain since September 2005 .	Both annual figures registered the biggest gains since September 2005 .	sing_plur	6065
" " As a result , we intend to vigorously defend the claim .	" " As a result , we intend to vigorously defend the claims .	sing_plur	6066
The cause for the deaths of the remaining 7 percent were unknown .	The causes for the deaths of the remaining 7 percent were unknown .	sing_plur	6068
She did not give a reason for the departure .	She did not give a reason for the departures .	sing_plur	6071
The British iPhone has the same technical specification as the U.S. model .	The British iPhone has the same technical specifications as the U.S. model .	sing_plur	6072
Police are still searching for the disc .	Police are still searching for the discs .	sing_plur	6073
Some of the reviewer doing the blurbing aren 't always what they seem .	Some of the reviewers doing the blurbing aren 't always what they seem .	sing_plur	6075
There was no immediate response from the Maoist .	There was no immediate response from the Maoists .	sing_plur	6077
In the other matter , the FEC took no action .	In the other matters , the FEC took no action .	sing_plur	6078
" The medium is everywhere now , " Sabol said .	" The media is everywhere now , " Sabol said .	sing_plur	6079
The Cowboys won the other game she attended .	The Cowboys won the other games she attended .	sing_plur	6080
Among the striking similarity between the two Larrys : Each has marital difficulties .	Among the striking similarities between the two Larrys : Each has marital difficulties .	sing_plur	6082
But he checked the window again .	But he checked the windows again .	sing_plur	6083
That number is in the million .	That number is in the millions .	sing_plur	6084
" I am angry about it , " Clemens said of the allegation .	" I am angry about it , " Clemens said of the allegations .	sing_plur	6086
One called a boss on a cellphone to report the problem .	One called a boss on a cellphone to report the problems .	sing_plur	6088
Mr. Maiullo said from beneath the nail .	Mr. Maiullo said from beneath the nails .	sing_plur	6089
With regard to the project she chooses , nothing would surprise me .	With regard to the projects she chooses , nothing would surprise me .	sing_plur	6090
Cataclysmic understatement and carefully coded euphemism were the stylistic hallmark of his page .	Cataclysmic understatement and carefully coded euphemism were the stylistic hallmarks of his page .	sing_plur	6091
Following are the key finding from the local study .	Following are the key findings from the local study .	sing_plur	6093
The pilot banked sharply to evade the rockets .	The pilots banked sharply to evade the rockets .	sing_plur	6094
" We probably have the wrong guy starting , " he said .	" We probably have the wrong guys starting , " he said .	sing_plur	6095
And Hillary Clinton wasted no time in planting the seed of doubt .	And Hillary Clinton wasted no time in planting the seeds of doubt .	sing_plur	6096
Dunfermline South councillor Mike Rumney said the bus firm should reconsider the change .	Dunfermline South councillor Mike Rumney said the bus firm should reconsider the changes .	sing_plur	6097
The meeting will resume tomorrow .	The meetings will resume tomorrow .	sing_plur	6098
There was no shouting , nothing , just the shot .	There was no shouting , nothing , just the shots .	sing_plur	6099
The Soviets eventually removed the missile .	The Soviets eventually removed the missiles .	sing_plur	6100
The report said the authority made no arrests and there were no injuries .	The report said the authorities made no arrests and there were no injuries .	sing_plur	6103
So they are teaching to the test all the time .	So they are teaching to the tests all the time .	sing_plur	6104
The other half is keeping them out of the playoff .	The other half is keeping them out of the playoffs .	sing_plur	6105
The Nationals claimed RHP Enrique Gonzalez off waivers from the Diamondback .	The Nationals claimed RHP Enrique Gonzalez off waivers from the Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	6106
" The candidate cannot snub this group , " Fabrizio said .	" The candidates cannot snub this group , " Fabrizio said .	sing_plur	6107
Police said they responded only after the worker attacked them .	Police said they responded only after the workers attacked them .	sing_plur	6110
The missile destroyed the houses and killed more than a dozen people .	The missiles destroyed the houses and killed more than a dozen people .	sing_plur	6111
I asked afterward who won the H-O-R-S-E game .	I asked afterward who won the H-O-R-S-E games .	sing_plur	6112
He ticked off the issue dear to activists in attendance .	He ticked off the issues dear to activists in attendance .	sing_plur	6113
Each official would serve until the next parliamentary election in 2009 .	Each official would serve until the next parliamentary elections in 2009 .	sing_plur	6114
" " We are confident we can get a result in the quarterfinal .	" " We are confident we can get a result in the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	6116
In a different segment , a supervisor boasts about beating the animal .	In a different segment , a supervisor boasts about beating the animals .	sing_plur	6117
Gul renewed his presidential bid after the election .	Gul renewed his presidential bid after the elections .	sing_plur	6119
The parent felt reassured .	The parents felt reassured .	sing_plur	6122
More than 2,500 properties in west Berkshire were affected by the flood .	More than 2,500 properties in west Berkshire were affected by the floods .	sing_plur	6123
U.S. and Russian officials declined to release the document .	U.S. and Russian officials declined to release the documents .	sing_plur	6124
This would mark the first time that multilateral experts would inspect the facility .	This would mark the first time that multilateral experts would inspect the facilities .	sing_plur	6126
The company did not disclose terms of the deal .	The companies did not disclose terms of the deal .	sing_plur	6127
No amount of clever argument can pay the bill .	No amount of clever argument can pay the bills .	sing_plur	6128
Movie stars are not the only celebrity at Toronto .	Movie stars are not the only celebrities at Toronto .	sing_plur	6129
The Hokie finished with just 241 yards .	The Hokies finished with just 241 yards .	sing_plur	6130
Games like that expose the problem of our situation .	Games like that expose the problems of our situation .	sing_plur	6132
Lawyers for both sides have filed classified documents regarding the tape .	Lawyers for both sides have filed classified documents regarding the tapes .	sing_plur	6133
But the Arab-American Institute got permission to host the Democratic candidate .	But the Arab-American Institute got permission to host the Democratic candidates .	sing_plur	6134
She could not comment on the specific of the case .	She could not comment on the specifics of the case .	sing_plur	6135
The Douglases Father Kirk and son Michael are the heavyweight .	The Douglases Father Kirk and son Michael are the heavyweights .	sing_plur	6136
" One shouted , ' Old man , get off the street .	" One shouted , ' Old man , get off the streets .	sing_plur	6137
To the giraffe we fed slices of white bread .	To the giraffes we fed slices of white bread .	sing_plur	6138
This is hardly the fault of the filmmaker .	This is hardly the fault of the filmmakers .	sing_plur	6139
When they saw Mrs Taylor the workman went away .	When they saw Mrs Taylor the workmen went away .	sing_plur	6143
Then sort the flag by color , Mr. Song said .	Then sort the flags by color , Mr. Song said .	sing_plur	6145
Mr. Tajbakhsh declined to discuss the charge against him .	Mr. Tajbakhsh declined to discuss the charges against him .	sing_plur	6148
Many of the rudimentary browser can reach rudimentary mobile Web sites .	Many of the rudimentary browsers can reach rudimentary mobile Web sites .	sing_plur	6149
Young people are not the only one drawn to Portland .	Young people are not the only ones drawn to Portland .	sing_plur	6153
Some commuters complained that they were being held hostage by the striker .	Some commuters complained that they were being held hostage by the strikers .	sing_plur	6154
Cranes gather rust , still perched on top of the building .	Cranes gather rust , still perched on top of the buildings .	sing_plur	6155
But the end does not justify the mean .	But the end does not justify the means .	sing_plur	6157
Follow the prompt .	Follow the prompts .	sing_plur	6158
Strips torn from the fresh husks were also perfect for tying the tamale .	Strips torn from the fresh husks were also perfect for tying the tamales .	sing_plur	6159
Discussion of a energy and trade deal are on the card .	Discussion of a energy and trade deal are on the cards .	sing_plur	6163
Forget the hot dog and peanuts , baseball fans .	Forget the hot dogs and peanuts , baseball fans .	sing_plur	6166
The god had apparently seen enough .	The gods had apparently seen enough .	sing_plur	6168
This is what is achievable for the child .	This is what is achievable for the children .	sing_plur	6169
Some shouted for revenge but the cleric leading the prayer appealed for calm .	Some shouted for revenge but the cleric leading the prayers appealed for calm .	sing_plur	6172
Prime Minister Francois Fillon condemned the vandal .	Prime Minister Francois Fillon condemned the vandals .	sing_plur	6173
The ewe came quietly .	The ewes came quietly .	sing_plur	6174
The author of the report did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	The authors of the report did not immediately return calls seeking comment .	sing_plur	6176
The rival Democrat Party has won 161 seats , the unofficial result showed .	The rival Democrat Party has won 161 seats , the unofficial results showed .	sing_plur	6178
The honoree traveled fairly substantial distances to receive their honors .	The honorees traveled fairly substantial distances to receive their honors .	sing_plur	6179
The candidate and media will have to decamp quickly .	The candidates and media will have to decamp quickly .	sing_plur	6183
After that the call started flooding in .	After that the calls started flooding in .	sing_plur	6186
" " They should stop the threat .	" " They should stop the threats .	sing_plur	6187
They mentored the instructor .	They mentored the instructors .	sing_plur	6189
It was the turnover .	It was the turnovers .	sing_plur	6190
What you see is two stars without chemistry gamely going through the motion .	What you see is two stars without chemistry gamely going through the motions .	sing_plur	6191
" We are identifying the fact , " Massengill said .	" We are identifying the facts , " Massengill said .	sing_plur	6193
We scored well from the set-piece .	We scored well from the set-pieces .	sing_plur	6196
The fan had come to hear Neil Young sing Neil Young songs .	The fans had come to hear Neil Young sing Neil Young songs .	sing_plur	6197
Read and watch their stories by following the link below .	Read and watch their stories by following the links below .	sing_plur	6198
The other network should take notice .	The other networks should take notice .	sing_plur	6200
Social Security will be there for the boomer .	Social Security will be there for the boomers .	sing_plur	6201
Mayor Healy said the judge should know better .	Mayor Healy said the judges should know better .	sing_plur	6202
And do not ignore the renter .	And do not ignore the renters .	sing_plur	6205
So there is no " mingling " with the star .	So there is no " mingling " with the stars .	sing_plur	6206
Especially once the child left home .	Especially once the children left home .	sing_plur	6207
Mr. Pekar makes occasional appearances to narrate and comment on the proceeding .	Mr. Pekar makes occasional appearances to narrate and comment on the proceedings .	sing_plur	6209
We want to move outside the camp but it is dangerous .	We want to move outside the camps but it is dangerous .	sing_plur	6210
Montgomerie was equally fired up by the comment .	Montgomerie was equally fired up by the comments .	sing_plur	6211
They read at nearly the same rate .	They read at nearly the same rates .	sing_plur	6214
U.S. officials have acknowledged providing intelligence to Turkey to assist the operation .	U.S. officials have acknowledged providing intelligence to Turkey to assist the operations .	sing_plur	6217
A surveillance camera captured the burglar leaving the hotel with the items .	A surveillance camera captured the burglars leaving the hotel with the items .	sing_plur	6219
I will mail the letter .	I will mail the letters .	sing_plur	6220
The device then connects to CarMD 's site to explain the code .	The device then connects to CarMD 's site to explain the codes .	sing_plur	6221
The authority raided the imam 's house and took him away .	The authorities raided the imam 's house and took him away .	sing_plur	6223
Three adults have also been charged in the shooting .	Three adults have also been charged in the shootings .	sing_plur	6225
The reporter had haggled to get on EK 606 .	The reporters had haggled to get on EK 606 .	sing_plur	6228
An auxiliary operator oversees the fine movement and roars .	An auxiliary operator oversees the fine movements and roars .	sing_plur	6229
He has denied the assertion .	He has denied the assertions .	sing_plur	6231
And those are the rational fan .	And those are the rational fans .	sing_plur	6232
The worker last week had been suspended with pay .	The workers last week had been suspended with pay .	sing_plur	6233
Local officials said the soldier had opened fire randomly .	Local officials said the soldiers had opened fire randomly .	sing_plur	6234
The Iranian said they were diplomats .	The Iranians said they were diplomats .	sing_plur	6237
But it was not enough because of the knockdown .	But it was not enough because of the knockdowns .	sing_plur	6238
USDA is trying to find the source of the bacterium .	USDA is trying to find the source of the bacteria .	sing_plur	6239
No one yet knows how long the benefit will last .	No one yet knows how long the benefits will last .	sing_plur	6243
You have to work in synchronicity with the element .	You have to work in synchronicity with the elements .	sing_plur	6245
The airline gave support to the president 's statement .	The airlines gave support to the president 's statement .	sing_plur	6248
But there is no uncertainty about the origin of Barsamian 's wartime trophy .	But there is no uncertainty about the origins of Barsamian 's wartime trophy .	sing_plur	6249
It is clearly feeling the effect of renovation fever .	It is clearly feeling the effects of renovation fever .	sing_plur	6250
Nobody should sow the seed of discord .	Nobody should sow the seeds of discord .	sing_plur	6252
This in turn will tighten the screw on the retail industry .	This in turn will tighten the screws on the retail industry .	sing_plur	6254
The Colts are relying on younger players to fill the void .	The Colts are relying on younger players to fill the voids .	sing_plur	6255
Greenspan shrewdly navigated the shoal of Washington politics .	Greenspan shrewdly navigated the shoals of Washington politics .	sing_plur	6256
The woman tried to keep up .	The women tried to keep up .	sing_plur	6257
Barry is innocent of the charge , this is ridiculous .	Barry is innocent of the charges , this is ridiculous .	sing_plur	6259
The newlywed suspected the Rev. Shey-Rima Silveira .	The newlyweds suspected the Rev. Shey-Rima Silveira .	sing_plur	6261
The researcher attributed eggs ' superior satiety value to their protein content .	The researchers attributed eggs ' superior satiety value to their protein content .	sing_plur	6262
But first , the team will go on very different paths .	But first , the teams will go on very different paths .	sing_plur	6263
He will not be a tool of the Bushy .	He will not be a tool of the Bushies .	sing_plur	6266
During the recent talk , disagreement arose over the definition of disabling .	During the recent talks , disagreement arose over the definition of disabling .	sing_plur	6267
American Pizza 's sign shows the twin tower of the World Trade Center .	American Pizza 's sign shows the twin towers of the World Trade Center .	sing_plur	6270
However , we are still in the early stage of investigation .	However , we are still in the early stages of investigation .	sing_plur	6271
The guy had to carry me out every night .	The guys had to carry me out every night .	sing_plur	6272
Blacks replied that Jena High administrators mishandled the incident .	Blacks replied that Jena High administrators mishandled the incidents .	sing_plur	6273
So there is a very clear choice here between the candidate .	So there is a very clear choice here between the candidates .	sing_plur	6275
I do not really feel the blockage or the bloomings .	I do not really feel the blockages or the bloomings .	sing_plur	6276
However , there are maybe outside causes that had caused the accident .	However , there are maybe outside causes that had caused the accidents .	sing_plur	6278
More than half of the member participated in the vote .	More than half of the members participated in the vote .	sing_plur	6279
Kevin Harvick finished sixth to jump four spots in the standing to fifth .	Kevin Harvick finished sixth to jump four spots in the standings to fifth .	sing_plur	6281
An attorney for the plaintiff did not immediately return a phone call Tuesday .	An attorney for the plaintiffs did not immediately return a phone call Tuesday .	sing_plur	6283
Stuyvesant also forced the other signatory to recant .	Stuyvesant also forced the other signatories to recant .	sing_plur	6285
Metro officials are also planning to increase the distance-based charge .	Metro officials are also planning to increase the distance-based charges .	sing_plur	6286
More than 6,000 people have been fighting the blaze .	More than 6,000 people have been fighting the blazes .	sing_plur	6287
There is life as portrayed in the medium .	There is life as portrayed in the media .	sing_plur	6289
Eventually , the official agreed .	Eventually , the officials agreed .	sing_plur	6290
Pakistani officials have sent mixed messages on the election .	Pakistani officials have sent mixed messages on the elections .	sing_plur	6291
Further information will be forthcoming over the next several week .	Further information will be forthcoming over the next several weeks .	sing_plur	6293
Bloch has denied the allegation .	Bloch has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	6294
The scientist discovered that morays did not feed like typical ray-finned fish .	The scientists discovered that morays did not feed like typical ray-finned fish .	sing_plur	6295
Individual investors have been piling into the market .	Individual investors have been piling into the markets .	sing_plur	6297
The owner locked the door and left .	The owners locked the door and left .	sing_plur	6298
It was not possible to independently verify the report .	It was not possible to independently verify the reports .	sing_plur	6299
A lot of people go to the movie to escape .	A lot of people go to the movies to escape .	sing_plur	6300
You ignore the seven , eights and nines .	You ignore the sevens , eights and nines .	sing_plur	6302
The auto manufacturers sued to block the law in Vermont and California .	The auto manufacturers sued to block the laws in Vermont and California .	sing_plur	6304
" They want to quit for the obvious reason , " she said .	" They want to quit for the obvious reasons , " she said .	sing_plur	6305
But help for the teenager is improving .	But help for the teenagers is improving .	sing_plur	6307
He further sidestepped confrontation by not taking questions from the lawmaker .	He further sidestepped confrontation by not taking questions from the lawmakers .	sing_plur	6308
Lyor managed many of the biggest name in rap music .	Lyor managed many of the biggest names in rap music .	sing_plur	6310
The Bill had selected Edwards to back up J. P. Losman .	The Bills had selected Edwards to back up J. P. Losman .	sing_plur	6311
About 1,000 researchers have requested the material in the past decade .	About 1,000 researchers have requested the materials in the past decade .	sing_plur	6318
The Gator scored on nearly every possession .	The Gators scored on nearly every possession .	sing_plur	6320
Any changes would require the two chambers to negotiate the difference .	Any changes would require the two chambers to negotiate the differences .	sing_plur	6321
He said he was aware of the risk , especially to Ms. Couric .	He said he was aware of the risks , especially to Ms. Couric .	sing_plur	6323
That has only hardened the attack by Clinton 's opponents .	That has only hardened the attacks by Clinton 's opponents .	sing_plur	6325
He also praised ScottishPower staff for their ability to embrace the change .	He also praised ScottishPower staff for their ability to embrace the changes .	sing_plur	6326
Three years ago , someone wandered the crowd wielding a chain saw .	Three years ago , someone wandered the crowds wielding a chain saw .	sing_plur	6327
The first change curtailed presidential powers .	The first changes curtailed presidential powers .	sing_plur	6328
Extremist fighters direct traffic and run the hospital .	Extremist fighters direct traffic and run the hospitals .	sing_plur	6332
In the current upheaval in Pakistan , one thing appears certain .	In the current upheavals in Pakistan , one thing appears certain .	sing_plur	6333
The protester called on Turkey not to launch cross-border attacks .	The protesters called on Turkey not to launch cross-border attacks .	sing_plur	6334
The poll opened at 0300 GMT .	The polls opened at 0300 GMT .	sing_plur	6335
He said it was not known if the contact had produced any results .	He said it was not known if the contacts had produced any results .	sing_plur	6339
And we turn the movie into a ghost town .	And we turn the movies into a ghost town .	sing_plur	6340
Many of the iconic design came from Scandinavia .	Many of the iconic designs came from Scandinavia .	sing_plur	6341
11 , after the second plane hit the twin tower .	11 , after the second plane hit the twin towers .	sing_plur	6344
That did it for the Hess .	That did it for the Hesses .	sing_plur	6345
Vendors and tourists clog the sidewalk .	Vendors and tourists clog the sidewalks .	sing_plur	6347
The silverware arrived and the club reached the semi-final of the Champions League .	The silverware arrived and the club reached the semi-finals of the Champions League .	sing_plur	6348
" There are the seed of something different , " Steinberg said .	" There are the seeds of something different , " Steinberg said .	sing_plur	6349
We have a political side -- its job is the election .	We have a political side -- its job is the elections .	sing_plur	6350
Fort Worth authorities say he may be a suspect in the death .	Fort Worth authorities say he may be a suspect in the deaths .	sing_plur	6352
Tony Olson , who often co-teaches , kneels between the desk .	Tony Olson , who often co-teaches , kneels between the desks .	sing_plur	6353
They are in the playoff for the 13th season in a row .	They are in the playoffs for the 13th season in a row .	sing_plur	6354
Everything at the terminal appears to be running smoothly .	Everything at the terminals appears to be running smoothly .	sing_plur	6355
Thomas denies the allegation .	Thomas denies the allegations .	sing_plur	6357
But we do feel confident the number will start going down .	But we do feel confident the numbers will start going down .	sing_plur	6358
Over the year more spending has meant a better chance of survival .	Over the years more spending has meant a better chance of survival .	sing_plur	6359
All spoke on condition of anonymity because they feared retaliation from the insurgent .	All spoke on condition of anonymity because they feared retaliation from the insurgents .	sing_plur	6362
The sentence will run concurrently .	The sentences will run concurrently .	sing_plur	6363
Each of them lost their lives trying to save the life of others .	Each of them lost their lives trying to save the lives of others .	sing_plur	6364
It has blurred the borderline between sectors of the industry .	It has blurred the borderlines between sectors of the industry .	sing_plur	6365
I still find the old part .	I still find the old parts .	sing_plur	6369
An announcement is set for Thursday , the newspaper said .	An announcement is set for Thursday , the newspapers said .	sing_plur	6373
The company entered this year 's talks in similarly precarious situations .	The companies entered this year 's talks in similarly precarious situations .	sing_plur	6374
And I appreciate the idea I heard today .	And I appreciate the ideas I heard today .	sing_plur	6375
We enjoy providing them with the product to do so .	We enjoy providing them with the products to do so .	sing_plur	6376
The winner will meet Sunday at Klockner Stadium .	The winners will meet Sunday at Klockner Stadium .	sing_plur	6377
For the anthropologists , the exceptions were more important than the rule .	For the anthropologists , the exceptions were more important than the rules .	sing_plur	6379
Iran denies that it is involved in shipping weapons to the militia .	Iran denies that it is involved in shipping weapons to the militias .	sing_plur	6381
TV dominates media usage , especially in the city .	TV dominates media usage , especially in the cities .	sing_plur	6384
The call resumed .	The calls resumed .	sing_plur	6386
We were just busking in the rainforest and on the plains .	We were just busking in the rainforests and on the plains .	sing_plur	6387
The matter discussed in this press release include forward-looking statements .	The matters discussed in this press release include forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	6388
Still , it is the kid who most actively embrace the bleeding-edge technologies .	Still , it is the kids who most actively embrace the bleeding-edge technologies .	sing_plur	6389
Because the number , over time , numb us .	Because the numbers , over time , numb us .	sing_plur	6392
Words not war could answer the national interest of both peoples .	Words not war could answer the national interests of both peoples .	sing_plur	6393
The hope is that the Phillies will make the playoff .	The hope is that the Phillies will make the playoffs .	sing_plur	6394
Some of us made the playoff for the first time last year .	Some of us made the playoffs for the first time last year .	sing_plur	6395
The quarrel had blocked the reforms Bosnia needs to secure E.U. membership .	The quarrels had blocked the reforms Bosnia needs to secure E.U. membership .	sing_plur	6396
Coughlin praised the spirit and knowledge of the fan .	Coughlin praised the spirit and knowledge of the fans .	sing_plur	6397
The tenor I saw , Kenneth D. Alston Jr .	The tenors I saw , Kenneth D. Alston Jr .	sing_plur	6398
In their party , Romney and Giuliani are the true fundraiser .	In their party , Romney and Giuliani are the true fundraisers .	sing_plur	6399
No-one at the college could be reached for comment .	No-one at the colleges could be reached for comment .	sing_plur	6400
We called the net for reax .	We called the nets for reax .	sing_plur	6401
There is little room to improve on the result in Beijing .	There is little room to improve on the results in Beijing .	sing_plur	6406
Gradually , the child seemed to catch on .	Gradually , the children seemed to catch on .	sing_plur	6408
The researcher looked at how plastic particles picked up a pollutant , phenanthrene .	The researchers looked at how plastic particles picked up a pollutant , phenanthrene .	sing_plur	6411
However , there will be intense lobbying behind the scene .	However , there will be intense lobbying behind the scenes .	sing_plur	6413
We have thanked the candidate for being here .	We have thanked the candidates for being here .	sing_plur	6415
Something is wrong here , Alison thought , riffling through the letter .	Something is wrong here , Alison thought , riffling through the letters .	sing_plur	6416
Don 't misunderstand - I still appreciate the wonder of the Web .	Don 't misunderstand - I still appreciate the wonders of the Web .	sing_plur	6417
Such alterations are legal according to the rule .	Such alterations are legal according to the rules .	sing_plur	6418
The FCO does not have staff permanently based in the Maldive .	The FCO does not have staff permanently based in the Maldives .	sing_plur	6419
The model , like the intuition they replaced , had a blind spot .	The models , like the intuition they replaced , had a blind spot .	sing_plur	6420
Rob Riley and others named by Simpson have denied the allegation .	Rob Riley and others named by Simpson have denied the allegations .	sing_plur	6421
I miss the small antiquarian bookshop that used to pepper this street .	I miss the small antiquarian bookshops that used to pepper this street .	sing_plur	6423
The stoical Constance is the least showy of the female part .	The stoical Constance is the least showy of the female parts .	sing_plur	6425
Now The Hague has asked prosecutors in Serbia to examine the claim .	Now The Hague has asked prosecutors in Serbia to examine the claims .	sing_plur	6426
He took the girl down to their school bus .	He took the girls down to their school bus .	sing_plur	6428
So that is really what started the protest .	So that is really what started the protests .	sing_plur	6429
The explanation inside the pavilion will be imbedded into a waterproof material .	The explanations inside the pavilion will be imbedded into a waterproof material .	sing_plur	6432
It is very strange for the kid to watch this .	It is very strange for the kids to watch this .	sing_plur	6433
I joined the peaceful demonstration to show my support .	I joined the peaceful demonstrations to show my support .	sing_plur	6434
The police confiscated everything , arrested the owner and sent the child out .	The police confiscated everything , arrested the owner and sent the children out .	sing_plur	6435
Four of the school instituted the intervention program for obesity .	Four of the schools instituted the intervention program for obesity .	sing_plur	6436
The consequence can be even more dire .	The consequences can be even more dire .	sing_plur	6438
Currently , the chance of establishing a stable Iraqi government appear quite low .	Currently , the chances of establishing a stable Iraqi government appear quite low .	sing_plur	6440
" I do not like the firecracker , " Bhutto said .	" I do not like the firecrackers , " Bhutto said .	sing_plur	6441
But that is usually some of the best player , anyway .	But that is usually some of the best players , anyway .	sing_plur	6442
Central to the celebration is a drumhead service to rededicate the AAC Memorial .	Central to the celebrations is a drumhead service to rededicate the AAC Memorial .	sing_plur	6443
They are now waiting for the lender to agree to a short sale .	They are now waiting for the lenders to agree to a short sale .	sing_plur	6445
Creating the rule and regulations ensures a level playing field .	Creating the rules and regulations ensures a level playing field .	sing_plur	6446
Pinkberry spokesman Jeff Rose declined to give details of the plan .	Pinkberry spokesman Jeff Rose declined to give details of the plans .	sing_plur	6447
We are still fighting the same fight , working on the same project .	We are still fighting the same fight , working on the same projects .	sing_plur	6449
Remember the detail .	Remember the details .	sing_plur	6450
The 2GDM adds cost effective testing of bi-directional source-synchronous interfaces to the offering .	The 2GDM adds cost effective testing of bi-directional source-synchronous interfaces to the offerings .	sing_plur	6451
Access to the affected area is challenging .	Access to the affected areas is challenging .	sing_plur	6452
Hideki Matsui 's slow groundout advanced the runner to second and third .	Hideki Matsui 's slow groundout advanced the runners to second and third .	sing_plur	6454
" People were ignoring the number , " Mr. Meyers said .	" People were ignoring the numbers , " Mr. Meyers said .	sing_plur	6456
He mimics the last sound of the dying girls .	He mimics the last sounds of the dying girls .	sing_plur	6458
At first Flew denied the report .	At first Flew denied the reports .	sing_plur	6460
As security , he offered the key to his van .	As security , he offered the keys to his van .	sing_plur	6465
But the guard had not heard any shots .	But the guards had not heard any shots .	sing_plur	6466
Their diet was otherwise controlled to avoid other sources of the additive .	Their diet was otherwise controlled to avoid other sources of the additives .	sing_plur	6467
The other dog took it off her .	The other dogs took it off her .	sing_plur	6468
Cordesman 's assessment falls along the same line .	Cordesman 's assessment falls along the same lines .	sing_plur	6470
It is unclear how he caused the death .	It is unclear how he caused the deaths .	sing_plur	6471
Over the next two months the result will be analysed .	Over the next two months the results will be analysed .	sing_plur	6472
When you are winning , people do not care about the negative .	When you are winning , people do not care about the negatives .	sing_plur	6474
Vick and the other will be arraigned the day the trial begins .	Vick and the others will be arraigned the day the trial begins .	sing_plur	6475
I am from the suburb .	I am from the suburbs .	sing_plur	6478
It encourages visitors to bring photographs and memories of the track .	It encourages visitors to bring photographs and memories of the tracks .	sing_plur	6480
Boeing is among the sponsor of the events .	Boeing is among the sponsors of the events .	sing_plur	6481
The wooden flute had a striking mellowness .	The wooden flutes had a striking mellowness .	sing_plur	6483
But the researcher did not stop there .	But the researchers did not stop there .	sing_plur	6484
" They turn off the light , " Mr. Prez said .	" They turn off the lights , " Mr. Prez said .	sing_plur	6485
The inspection would cover 420 structures citywide .	The inspections would cover 420 structures citywide .	sing_plur	6486
Now , switchgrass proponents in Virginia are looking for ways around the problem .	Now , switchgrass proponents in Virginia are looking for ways around the problems .	sing_plur	6490
Fear has yet to stalk the street of Chelsea .	Fear has yet to stalk the streets of Chelsea .	sing_plur	6491
Sensors are wired to solid-state data recorders within cars and the dummy .	Sensors are wired to solid-state data recorders within cars and the dummies .	sing_plur	6492
Some of the upper floor will have views of Central Park .	Some of the upper floors will have views of Central Park .	sing_plur	6493
The media WILL cover attempts by other campaigns to take down the incumbent .	The media WILL cover attempts by other campaigns to take down the incumbents .	sing_plur	6494
The row in the aircraft ran from 1 to 29 .	The rows in the aircraft ran from 1 to 29 .	sing_plur	6496
Then , there are the musician .	Then , there are the musicians .	sing_plur	6499
The street seemed medieval .	The streets seemed medieval .	sing_plur	6500
Exactly what the team would do is classified .	Exactly what the teams would do is classified .	sing_plur	6501
You might as well put the cuff on now .	You might as well put the cuffs on now .	sing_plur	6502
Clean the shelf often .	Clean the shelves often .	sing_plur	6503
So there is no reason why Italy cannot reach the quarter .	So there is no reason why Italy cannot reach the quarters .	sing_plur	6504
Those were the good time .	Those were the good times .	sing_plur	6506
No information was immediately available about what new evidence led to the arrest .	No information was immediately available about what new evidence led to the arrests .	sing_plur	6508
Mr. Hazard amped up the financial element .	Mr. Hazard amped up the financial elements .	sing_plur	6509
The real Roberts admitted the filmmaker took some liberties .	The real Roberts admitted the filmmakers took some liberties .	sing_plur	6510
Each came up with different lists of the best song .	Each came up with different lists of the best songs .	sing_plur	6511
It could be irrelevant to the candidate , however .	It could be irrelevant to the candidates , however .	sing_plur	6512
But manufacturers said they would fight the new recommendation .	But manufacturers said they would fight the new recommendations .	sing_plur	6514
He refused to comment further on the additional charge .	He refused to comment further on the additional charges .	sing_plur	6515
He notes the variety and the ambiguities and moves on .	He notes the varieties and the ambiguities and moves on .	sing_plur	6516
The official said U.S. agents are helping Pakistan in the investigation .	The officials said U.S. agents are helping Pakistan in the investigation .	sing_plur	6517
He said he recognized the parallel between 1968 and this year .	He said he recognized the parallels between 1968 and this year .	sing_plur	6519
You 're barely a blip in the poll .	You 're barely a blip in the polls .	sing_plur	6520
So they asked that the word be restored .	So they asked that the words be restored .	sing_plur	6522
Protesters lead prayer vigils to save the mountain .	Protesters lead prayer vigils to save the mountains .	sing_plur	6523
There were no queues outside the branch in central Leeds and Bournemouth .	There were no queues outside the branches in central Leeds and Bournemouth .	sing_plur	6525
She has said Calipari died trying to shield her body from the bullet .	She has said Calipari died trying to shield her body from the bullets .	sing_plur	6526
The name of the exporting companies were not identified .	The names of the exporting companies were not identified .	sing_plur	6528
Surely the team would have checked that .	Surely the teams would have checked that .	sing_plur	6529
Chechnya remains prominent in the headline .	Chechnya remains prominent in the headlines .	sing_plur	6530
Half the player wore gloves .	Half the players wore gloves .	sing_plur	6532
The result can be surprising .	The results can be surprising .	sing_plur	6533
The Steeler won the game , 34-7 .	The Steelers won the game , 34-7 .	sing_plur	6534
Your doctor can make sure you have the appropriate test .	Your doctor can make sure you have the appropriate tests .	sing_plur	6535
These two boys are clearly inspired by the event in Finland .	These two boys are clearly inspired by the events in Finland .	sing_plur	6538
Weigh the odd .	Weigh the odds .	sing_plur	6540
The Maoist began their armed insurgency in 1996 .	The Maoists began their armed insurgency in 1996 .	sing_plur	6545
The site has built-in systems that will review and edit the material .	The site has built-in systems that will review and edit the materials .	sing_plur	6546
The militant accused him of being a spy and shot him to death .	The militants accused him of being a spy and shot him to death .	sing_plur	6548
IMAX 's digital theatre system is currently in the advanced stage of development .	IMAX 's digital theatre system is currently in the advanced stages of development .	sing_plur	6549
It is the other aspect of Parker 's game that impress her .	It is the other aspects of Parker 's game that impress her .	sing_plur	6551
Even then , the researcher remained human-centric .	Even then , the researchers remained human-centric .	sing_plur	6553
The player did not waste their time throwing tantrums or arguing .	The players did not waste their time throwing tantrums or arguing .	sing_plur	6554
Housing prices in these areas range into the million .	Housing prices in these areas range into the millions .	sing_plur	6555
" China has called the allegation " groundless .	" China has called the allegations " groundless .	sing_plur	6557
For two weeks he lived on the street .	For two weeks he lived on the streets .	sing_plur	6558
For the purpose of charity I agreed to a weekly weigh-in session .	For the purposes of charity I agreed to a weekly weigh-in session .	sing_plur	6560
There is perhaps a mouse under the floorboard .	There is perhaps a mouse under the floorboards .	sing_plur	6561
The militant says they have killed over 30 members of the security forces .	The militants says they have killed over 30 members of the security forces .	sing_plur	6562
Those are the absolute fact .	Those are the absolute facts .	sing_plur	6563
The kind of care and testing provided by doctors also varies by locality .	The kinds of care and testing provided by doctors also varies by locality .	sing_plur	6564
He just does it behind the scene a little bit .	He just does it behind the scenes a little bit .	sing_plur	6569
Last year , Easley and his son made maple tables for the holiday .	Last year , Easley and his son made maple tables for the holidays .	sing_plur	6570
And the braking action helps charge the battery .	And the braking action helps charge the batteries .	sing_plur	6571
Eat less for lunch so the kid can have a healthy dinner .	Eat less for lunch so the kids can have a healthy dinner .	sing_plur	6572
It was slow-going , wading through the throng of supporters .	It was slow-going , wading through the throngs of supporters .	sing_plur	6573
The incident took place to the east .	The incidents took place to the east .	sing_plur	6574
But Chany believes that the benefit of such plans may be overstated .	But Chany believes that the benefits of such plans may be overstated .	sing_plur	6575
It is mentioned in the Norse saga of Orkney and Shetland .	It is mentioned in the Norse sagas of Orkney and Shetland .	sing_plur	6577
The following are the Index reflecting the rebalancing .	The following are the Indexes reflecting the rebalancing .	sing_plur	6579
Like the other , she takes private lessons and chooses her outfits carefully .	Like the others , she takes private lessons and chooses her outfits carefully .	sing_plur	6580
That will be entirely up to the player themselves .	That will be entirely up to the players themselves .	sing_plur	6581
The man had been in the 58-degree water for about 45 minutes .	The men had been in the 58-degree water for about 45 minutes .	sing_plur	6583
His message is for both the youth and their families .	His message is for both the youths and their families .	sing_plur	6584
It is as if the artist had their own town .	It is as if the artists had their own town .	sing_plur	6585
I think relationships are broken up because of the medium .	I think relationships are broken up because of the media .	sing_plur	6586
Those watching the slothful bird suspected sedatives .	Those watching the slothful birds suspected sedatives .	sing_plur	6588
People are cheaping out and sticking with the essential .	People are cheaping out and sticking with the essentials .	sing_plur	6591
In the postcard , Khan pleads with CCR to help him .	In the postcards , Khan pleads with CCR to help him .	sing_plur	6592
The basic result confirmed a known feature of depressed people .	The basic results confirmed a known feature of depressed people .	sing_plur	6594
The index is based on the result of the international polling firm Ipsos .	The index is based on the results of the international polling firm Ipsos .	sing_plur	6596
The biggest change should be on the back end .	The biggest changes should be on the back end .	sing_plur	6599
When she stopped the officer went to check on her .	When she stopped the officers went to check on her .	sing_plur	6600
We are well into the twenty on our strategy .	We are well into the twenties on our strategy .	sing_plur	6601
I did not even know the rule .	I did not even know the rules .	sing_plur	6603
It is impossible to be certain that the controls really match the case .	It is impossible to be certain that the controls really match the cases .	sing_plur	6607
Apart from the hill , the valley is of interest .	Apart from the hills , the valley is of interest .	sing_plur	6608
They never pay better than the odd .	They never pay better than the odds .	sing_plur	6609
Emergency workers were seen scraping flesh from the wall of nearby buildings .	Emergency workers were seen scraping flesh from the walls of nearby buildings .	sing_plur	6611
Mr. Getnick declined to elaborate on the content of the interview .	Mr. Getnick declined to elaborate on the content of the interviews .	sing_plur	6613
The tighter definition went into effect in January .	The tighter definitions went into effect in January .	sing_plur	6614
The meeting will continue throughout the team 's visit .	The meetings will continue throughout the team 's visit .	sing_plur	6615
But perhaps even worse are the show still on the schedule .	But perhaps even worse are the shows still on the schedule .	sing_plur	6616
They said it had been a humanitarian effort on behalf of the child .	They said it had been a humanitarian effort on behalf of the children .	sing_plur	6617
The wife waits until the servants have cleared the plate .	The wife waits until the servants have cleared the plates .	sing_plur	6618
Antidoping authorities in sports praised the action .	Antidoping authorities in sports praised the actions .	sing_plur	6620
A tip for adult collectors - get there early to beat the kid .	A tip for adult collectors - get there early to beat the kids .	sing_plur	6621
We have got the batter to go out there and do it .	We have got the batters to go out there and do it .	sing_plur	6622
The official did not announce who the penalty was on .	The officials did not announce who the penalty was on .	sing_plur	6623
The blast occurred just minutes apart .	The blasts occurred just minutes apart .	sing_plur	6627
Their parents reported the child 's asthma symptoms .	Their parents reported the children 's asthma symptoms .	sing_plur	6628
We are really motivated by the protest .	We are really motivated by the protests .	sing_plur	6629
She does not wander the street alone at night anymore .	She does not wander the streets alone at night anymore .	sing_plur	6630
He cooperated with the authority in this case .	He cooperated with the authorities in this case .	sing_plur	6631
Empty frames mark where the painting once hung .	Empty frames mark where the paintings once hung .	sing_plur	6633
He is handing the Australian cricketer the moral high ground .	He is handing the Australian cricketers the moral high ground .	sing_plur	6635
Bands of hungry people began looting and killing in the wealthy suburb .	Bands of hungry people began looting and killing in the wealthy suburbs .	sing_plur	6636
She herself has moved with the time .	She herself has moved with the times .	sing_plur	6637
You know I do not mind being asked the question .	You know I do not mind being asked the questions .	sing_plur	6642
The ancient people of Mexico and Central America loved to drink chocolate .	The ancient peoples of Mexico and Central America loved to drink chocolate .	sing_plur	6643
They were not personally in contact with the bird .	They were not personally in contact with the birds .	sing_plur	6644
The Slovak should return to the court at the end of January .	The Slovak should return to the courts at the end of January .	sing_plur	6645
Roadside bombs have been among the biggest threat to American troops .	Roadside bombs have been among the biggest threats to American troops .	sing_plur	6646
They gave him the rein and hoped for the best .	They gave him the reins and hoped for the best .	sing_plur	6649
I do not like to kill children and the kid .	I do not like to kill children and the kids .	sing_plur	6650
Many projects include shops to serve the new resident .	Many projects include shops to serve the new residents .	sing_plur	6651
Some numbers hint at the division .	Some numbers hint at the divisions .	sing_plur	6654
Actual results or experience could differ materially from the forward-looking statement .	Actual results or experience could differ materially from the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	6655
The sky lit up earlier on .	The skies lit up earlier on .	sing_plur	6656
The dividend from that arrangement arrived this month .	The dividends from that arrangement arrived this month .	sing_plur	6657
The datum showed a big earnings gap between high school and college graduates .	The data showed a big earnings gap between high school and college graduates .	sing_plur	6659
Counting was suspended there due to the allegation .	Counting was suspended there due to the allegations .	sing_plur	6660
The Net played the New Orleans Hornets on Monday night .	The Nets played the New Orleans Hornets on Monday night .	sing_plur	6661
The people there are the ultimate salesman .	The people there are the ultimate salesmen .	sing_plur	6662
The No.12 and the No.24 were really good on the short run .	The No.12 and the No.24 were really good on the short runs .	sing_plur	6665
Williams is now a broadcaster for the Diamondback .	Williams is now a broadcaster for the Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	6666
I will discuss the change our strategy has brought to Iraq .	I will discuss the changes our strategy has brought to Iraq .	sing_plur	6667
In comments on the House floor , Ms. Pelosi acknowledged the challenge .	In comments on the House floor , Ms. Pelosi acknowledged the challenges .	sing_plur	6669
Because we have to stay with the little kid .	Because we have to stay with the little kids .	sing_plur	6670
An article about the incident can be found here .	An article about the incidents can be found here .	sing_plur	6671
Many employees are perplexed by the seeming contradiction .	Many employees are perplexed by the seeming contradictions .	sing_plur	6672
Consider also the mitigating circumstance .	Consider also the mitigating circumstances .	sing_plur	6673
, died Monday from the bacterium .	, died Monday from the bacteria .	sing_plur	6674
Rudy Giuliani reported having $ 11.6 million in the bank for the primary .	Rudy Giuliani reported having $ 11.6 million in the bank for the primaries .	sing_plur	6675
With that , everybody blew the horn , for about a minute .	With that , everybody blew the horns , for about a minute .	sing_plur	6678
The doctor should spend their time looking for cures for cancer .	The doctors should spend their time looking for cures for cancer .	sing_plur	6681
" We want the lion back now , " Menino said .	" We want the lions back now , " Menino said .	sing_plur	6683
Listen to the expert .	Listen to the experts .	sing_plur	6685
Both tallies far surpassed the two-thirds majority needed to overcome Bush 's disapproval .	Both tallies far surpassed the two-thirds majorities needed to overcome Bush 's disapproval .	sing_plur	6686
It is a direct war between the military and the militant .	It is a direct war between the military and the militants .	sing_plur	6688
Lawmakers demanded a transcript and the negotiation stalled .	Lawmakers demanded a transcript and the negotiations stalled .	sing_plur	6689
Some were carried in the arm of others .	Some were carried in the arms of others .	sing_plur	6690
No prizes were offered to the winner , he said .	No prizes were offered to the winners , he said .	sing_plur	6691
The mistake kept coming .	The mistakes kept coming .	sing_plur	6692
Universal Travel recently completed the acquisition of Shenzhen Speedy Dragon Enterprise Ltd .	Universal Travel recently completed the acquisitions of Shenzhen Speedy Dragon Enterprise Ltd .	sing_plur	6693
The crossing remained closed Tuesday for a second day .	The crossings remained closed Tuesday for a second day .	sing_plur	6694
" I am here for the bargain , " she said .	" I am here for the bargains , " she said .	sing_plur	6697
Other businesses look forward to the crowd .	Other businesses look forward to the crowds .	sing_plur	6698
International aid agencies launch a massive aid operation to help the refugee .	International aid agencies launch a massive aid operation to help the refugees .	sing_plur	6699
Many of the rebel accepted and the violence declined .	Many of the rebels accepted and the violence declined .	sing_plur	6706
An investigation is under way to establish how the animal escaped .	An investigation is under way to establish how the animals escaped .	sing_plur	6707
The pupil ran off when the police arrived .	The pupils ran off when the police arrived .	sing_plur	6710
Wuterich reported to Capers for about two years before the killing .	Wuterich reported to Capers for about two years before the killings .	sing_plur	6712
Almost 1,500 homes have been destroyed in the fire , according to authorities .	Almost 1,500 homes have been destroyed in the fires , according to authorities .	sing_plur	6713
The ticket will be distributed in a random drawing .	The tickets will be distributed in a random drawing .	sing_plur	6714
The light can also be used to keep cars separated during individual-lapping sessions .	The lights can also be used to keep cars separated during individual-lapping sessions .	sing_plur	6715
The Duck received two first-place votes and 1,376 points .	The Ducks received two first-place votes and 1,376 points .	sing_plur	6717
The objective can be completed in whichever order you choose .	The objectives can be completed in whichever order you choose .	sing_plur	6720
Each boat was labeled with the name of the players on board .	Each boat was labeled with the names of the players on board .	sing_plur	6721
The reason for his abduction and release remained unclear .	The reasons for his abduction and release remained unclear .	sing_plur	6723
" " I have only good things to say about the player .	" " I have only good things to say about the players .	sing_plur	6724
That has not stopped the press .	That has not stopped the presses .	sing_plur	6725
He said the body bore signs of torture and execution .	He said the bodies bore signs of torture and execution .	sing_plur	6726
The measure will be in force until July 2010 .	The measures will be in force until July 2010 .	sing_plur	6727
Emily Chang has the answer .	Emily Chang has the answers .	sing_plur	6728
But Kay has an added complication : corrected transposition of the great artery .	But Kay has an added complication : corrected transposition of the great arteries .	sing_plur	6729
Nor are the concern confined to Democrats .	Nor are the concerns confined to Democrats .	sing_plur	6730
The relationship may be less common than reported .	The relationships may be less common than reported .	sing_plur	6732
It was not clear who carried out the attack .	It was not clear who carried out the attacks .	sing_plur	6733
The man wore dishdashas and the women wore caftans .	The men wore dishdashas and the women wore caftans .	sing_plur	6734
He also questions the logistic .	He also questions the logistics .	sing_plur	6735
The authority opened shelters and issued sandbags .	The authorities opened shelters and issued sandbags .	sing_plur	6737
The result will be issued on a regular basis .	The results will be issued on a regular basis .	sing_plur	6739
But Warner got nothing near the attention of the presidential candidate .	But Warner got nothing near the attention of the presidential candidates .	sing_plur	6741
Eastern on MSNBC , where Tim Russert will be posing the question .	Eastern on MSNBC , where Tim Russert will be posing the questions .	sing_plur	6743
The man who wrote it were giants .	The men who wrote it were giants .	sing_plur	6744
Guidant was slow to disclose the problem to doctors .	Guidant was slow to disclose the problems to doctors .	sing_plur	6745
I was reading the news reports of the American medium .	I was reading the news reports of the American media .	sing_plur	6746
He is doing TV commentary and watched from the stand .	He is doing TV commentary and watched from the stands .	sing_plur	6748
The Green led the No camp in previous Irish referendums on EU treaties .	The Greens led the No camp in previous Irish referendums on EU treaties .	sing_plur	6749
The researcher questioned 18,000 couples aged 25-65 in 34 countries .	The researchers questioned 18,000 couples aged 25-65 in 34 countries .	sing_plur	6750
Prices and returns vary among the offering .	Prices and returns vary among the offerings .	sing_plur	6751
I am not sure they are right about the other .	I am not sure they are right about the others .	sing_plur	6752
The wheel began to turn .	The wheels began to turn .	sing_plur	6754
Some investigations come straight from the headline .	Some investigations come straight from the headlines .	sing_plur	6755
About 80 percent of the bird seized have been euthanized , Levikow said .	About 80 percent of the birds seized have been euthanized , Levikow said .	sing_plur	6756
Still , Virginia dismissed the importance of the ranking .	Still , Virginia dismissed the importance of the rankings .	sing_plur	6758
The other will be making their first appearance .	The others will be making their first appearance .	sing_plur	6759
Portland 's commanders identified the problem during a routine review , she said .	Portland 's commanders identified the problems during a routine review , she said .	sing_plur	6761
Hamas is not party to the talk .	Hamas is not party to the talks .	sing_plur	6762
Only reporters with Olympic media accreditation can work inside the venue .	Only reporters with Olympic media accreditation can work inside the venues .	sing_plur	6764
At least these did not have cloth doors like the one last year .	At least these did not have cloth doors like the ones last year .	sing_plur	6768
Then some of the singer got seasick .	Then some of the singers got seasick .	sing_plur	6769
I love seeing the guy .	I love seeing the guys .	sing_plur	6770
They are also trying to raise awareness of the danger of part-worn tyres .	They are also trying to raise awareness of the dangers of part-worn tyres .	sing_plur	6772
These are still the day of whine and poses .	These are still the days of whine and poses .	sing_plur	6773
They just do not lactate the same volume .	They just do not lactate the same volumes .	sing_plur	6774
Officer Sawyer works undercover , the authority said .	Officer Sawyer works undercover , the authorities said .	sing_plur	6775
Craig has denied the assertion , which he calls ridiculous .	Craig has denied the assertions , which he calls ridiculous .	sing_plur	6777
The authority , Crockett says , were always slow to respond .	The authorities , Crockett says , were always slow to respond .	sing_plur	6778
It all worked out for the frugal female in the end .	It all worked out for the frugal females in the end .	sing_plur	6780
Parents should hit the book too .	Parents should hit the books too .	sing_plur	6782
Mr. Jacob did not know the detail of that investigation .	Mr. Jacob did not know the details of that investigation .	sing_plur	6783
" " The country involved in lunar exploration are developing an understanding .	" " The countries involved in lunar exploration are developing an understanding .	sing_plur	6784
The share had fallen 3.5 percent during the session .	The shares had fallen 3.5 percent during the session .	sing_plur	6785
The suffering might have been worthwhile had Beth liked the result .	The suffering might have been worthwhile had Beth liked the results .	sing_plur	6786
Weeks has pleaded not guilty to the charge .	Weeks has pleaded not guilty to the charges .	sing_plur	6787
Denny Hamlin , Jeff Gordon and Carl Edwards completed the top-five finisher .	Denny Hamlin , Jeff Gordon and Carl Edwards completed the top-five finishers .	sing_plur	6788
Fortunately , the host lacked the ingredients to punish England .	Fortunately , the hosts lacked the ingredients to punish England .	sing_plur	6789
CNN could not independently confirm the report .	CNN could not independently confirm the reports .	sing_plur	6790
The pro-Amir movement has support beyond the fringe of society .	The pro-Amir movement has support beyond the fringes of society .	sing_plur	6793
The new license will cover nearly all of Dragonair 's 3,600 staff worldwide .	The new licenses will cover nearly all of Dragonair 's 3,600 staff worldwide .	sing_plur	6794
Perhaps it is time to re-think the priority .	Perhaps it is time to re-think the priorities .	sing_plur	6795
The summit was attended by the leader of Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan .	The summit was attended by the leaders of Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan .	sing_plur	6796
The school must still meet state standards or risk being shut down .	The schools must still meet state standards or risk being shut down .	sing_plur	6797
If we stop saying : But for the politic !	If we stop saying : But for the politics !	sing_plur	6800
The vessel had to pass under the bridge .	The vessels had to pass under the bridge .	sing_plur	6801
Police estimated the crowd at between 10,000 and 30,000 .	Police estimated the crowds at between 10,000 and 30,000 .	sing_plur	6802
In the kitchen Viktor played with the other child .	In the kitchen Viktor played with the other children .	sing_plur	6805
These costs are not allocated to the segment for assessing performance .	These costs are not allocated to the segments for assessing performance .	sing_plur	6806
It did not take long for the starling to start spreading .	It did not take long for the starlings to start spreading .	sing_plur	6807
She found the girl can get completely brainwashed by their abusers .	She found the girls can get completely brainwashed by their abusers .	sing_plur	6809
Broward County sheriff 's deputies joined the search for the suspect .	Broward County sheriff 's deputies joined the search for the suspects .	sing_plur	6812
Argentine political analysts called the charge exaggerated .	Argentine political analysts called the charges exaggerated .	sing_plur	6813
The flower cost $ 27,000 .	The flowers cost $ 27,000 .	sing_plur	6814
Cruciferous vegetables in their raw form contain more of the anti-cancer compound .	Cruciferous vegetables in their raw form contain more of the anti-cancer compounds .	sing_plur	6815
The unseeded player traded breaks right from the start .	The unseeded players traded breaks right from the start .	sing_plur	6817
But when they look out of the window , the view never changes .	But when they look out of the windows , the view never changes .	sing_plur	6818
The astronaut inside the station spotted it drifting nearby .	The astronauts inside the station spotted it drifting nearby .	sing_plur	6819
McFadden also has an exceptional scoring record on the great occasion .	McFadden also has an exceptional scoring record on the great occasions .	sing_plur	6820
I told them everything before the election .	I told them everything before the elections .	sing_plur	6821
, which opposes the weapon .	, which opposes the weapons .	sing_plur	6822
The fusion stage can also be examined within the rule .	The fusion stage can also be examined within the rules .	sing_plur	6823
Pollution has fattened the algal bloom to unprecedented proportions .	Pollution has fattened the algal blooms to unprecedented proportions .	sing_plur	6824
He says the change will hit him financially .	He says the changes will hit him financially .	sing_plur	6825
Our view is if we work hard then we will reap the reward .	Our view is if we work hard then we will reap the rewards .	sing_plur	6827
The benefit took effect in 2006 .	The benefits took effect in 2006 .	sing_plur	6828
We are prepared to close under the contract the party signed in April .	We are prepared to close under the contract the parties signed in April .	sing_plur	6829
Simpson and the other defendant did not testify in their own defense .	Simpson and the other defendants did not testify in their own defense .	sing_plur	6830
President Bush later issued a statement condemning the arrest of protesters .	President Bush later issued a statement condemning the arrests of protesters .	sing_plur	6831
It started in the college and now it is everywhere .	It started in the colleges and now it is everywhere .	sing_plur	6833
As a result , we never discover the source of his outrage .	As a result , we never discover the sources of his outrage .	sing_plur	6834
, who serves the song perfectly .	, who serves the songs perfectly .	sing_plur	6836
On the inside , nothing will interrupt the smoothness of the surface .	On the inside , nothing will interrupt the smoothness of the surfaces .	sing_plur	6837
It 'll be awfully tiring on the old tonsil .	It 'll be awfully tiring on the old tonsils .	sing_plur	6838
The decision ran D.C. United 's unbeaten streak to eight games .	The decisions ran D.C. United 's unbeaten streak to eight games .	sing_plur	6839
The media reports cited confidential sources briefed on the autopsy .	The media reports cited confidential sources briefed on the autopsies .	sing_plur	6840
He made no effort to hide the body .	He made no effort to hide the bodies .	sing_plur	6841
He spent nights at the home of friends and relatives .	He spent nights at the homes of friends and relatives .	sing_plur	6843
And then there are the coach .	And then there are the coaches .	sing_plur	6844
The chip could be available to consumers within three years .	The chips could be available to consumers within three years .	sing_plur	6845
Cambodian people are awaiting the trial with expectation .	Cambodian people are awaiting the trials with expectation .	sing_plur	6846
So far , consumers appear to be holding up to the strain .	So far , consumers appear to be holding up to the strains .	sing_plur	6847
The risk and uncertainties set forth above are not exhausting .	The risks and uncertainties set forth above are not exhausting .	sing_plur	6848
But those were not the only incentive in a Torre contract .	But those were not the only incentives in a Torre contract .	sing_plur	6851
The armed force should not play any political role .	The armed forces should not play any political role .	sing_plur	6852
The added fund did not stem the sell-off .	The added funds did not stem the sell-off .	sing_plur	6853
But a source close to the First Minister dismissed the attack .	But a source close to the First Minister dismissed the attacks .	sing_plur	6855
The Diamondback loaded the bases in the fifth , but Reynolds struck out .	The Diamondbacks loaded the bases in the fifth , but Reynolds struck out .	sing_plur	6858
Now Gordon is not even leading the standing .	Now Gordon is not even leading the standings .	sing_plur	6859
The gain left stocks sharply higher for the week .	The gains left stocks sharply higher for the week .	sing_plur	6860
The Gator had no such worries early .	The Gators had no such worries early .	sing_plur	6861
The player from Warner Robins hugged him as he reached the plate .	The players from Warner Robins hugged him as he reached the plate .	sing_plur	6862
Violence continued alongside the talk .	Violence continued alongside the talks .	sing_plur	6863
Come get the cat .	Come get the cats .	sing_plur	6864
Some believe the court could help spur change .	Some believe the courts could help spur change .	sing_plur	6866
The law governing private-sector pension funds were substantially amended last year .	The laws governing private-sector pension funds were substantially amended last year .	sing_plur	6867
He said they had also seen the corpse of paramilitary troops .	He said they had also seen the corpses of paramilitary troops .	sing_plur	6869
But he remains positive about utilizing the ocean .	But he remains positive about utilizing the oceans .	sing_plur	6872
It must have been the song .	It must have been the songs .	sing_plur	6873
Imagine the consequence if doctors cherry-pick patients on that basis .	Imagine the consequences if doctors cherry-pick patients on that basis .	sing_plur	6874
The owner sat across the table .	The owners sat across the table .	sing_plur	6875
As it turned out , the shot came from the side .	As it turned out , the shots came from the side .	sing_plur	6876
Efforts to squelch the demonstration appeared to be working .	Efforts to squelch the demonstrations appeared to be working .	sing_plur	6878
We have got the player .	We have got the players .	sing_plur	6882
Tebow 's talent and unique back story have only fueled the expectation .	Tebow 's talent and unique back story have only fueled the expectations .	sing_plur	6883
It was unclear who fired the shot that hit Officer Marchiondo .	It was unclear who fired the shots that hit Officer Marchiondo .	sing_plur	6884
Pakistan , India and Saudi Arabia were the top buyer .	Pakistan , India and Saudi Arabia were the top buyers .	sing_plur	6885
Mangini hammered home that point Monday during a meeting with the player .	Mangini hammered home that point Monday during a meeting with the players .	sing_plur	6886
The clash also claimed the life of dozens of army officers .	The clash also claimed the lives of dozens of army officers .	sing_plur	6888
The two ads underscore the different challenge facing Clinton in each state .	The two ads underscore the different challenges facing Clinton in each state .	sing_plur	6889
They also declined to discuss the circumstance surrounding his killing .	They also declined to discuss the circumstances surrounding his killing .	sing_plur	6890
Ask the right question .	Ask the right questions .	sing_plur	6891
He currently serves on the board of several biotech and diagnostic companies .	He currently serves on the boards of several biotech and diagnostic companies .	sing_plur	6894
The song brought the crowd of hundreds to its feet .	The songs brought the crowd of hundreds to its feet .	sing_plur	6895
" I see the same intangible , " Faulk said .	" I see the same intangibles , " Faulk said .	sing_plur	6897
There are no names or titles attached to the work .	There are no names or titles attached to the works .	sing_plur	6898
In the same month of 2007 , sales totaled 181 .	In the same months of 2007 , sales totaled 181 .	sing_plur	6899
Authorities could not immediately be reached to confirm the report .	Authorities could not immediately be reached to confirm the reports .	sing_plur	6902
Sarah Walsh and Heather Garriock also scored for the Australian .	Sarah Walsh and Heather Garriock also scored for the Australians .	sing_plur	6903
He said the hardship of cattle camp steeled him for life .	He said the hardships of cattle camp steeled him for life .	sing_plur	6904
In any event , the king still calls the shot .	In any event , the king still calls the shots .	sing_plur	6905
The kid wanted to do something .	The kids wanted to do something .	sing_plur	6906
I am ready to share the result of my visit .	I am ready to share the results of my visit .	sing_plur	6907
Shetland Islands Council has taken the first step towards reducing its spending .	Shetland Islands Council has taken the first steps towards reducing its spending .	sing_plur	6908
Neither side had any comment on the progress of the talk .	Neither side had any comment on the progress of the talks .	sing_plur	6910
Authorities said the suspect clashed with police before being arrested .	Authorities said the suspects clashed with police before being arrested .	sing_plur	6911
The result from Iowa and New Hampshire could upend the race .	The results from Iowa and New Hampshire could upend the race .	sing_plur	6913
The risk included here are not exhaustive .	The risks included here are not exhaustive .	sing_plur	6914
She told reporters the contractor involved in the incident were still in Iraq .	She told reporters the contractors involved in the incident were still in Iraq .	sing_plur	6915
The Colts were not the only one hurting afterward .	The Colts were not the only ones hurting afterward .	sing_plur	6916
When you are the challenger , you have to raise the issue .	When you are the challenger , you have to raise the issues .	sing_plur	6917
The number contained herein are subject to review by the relevant Colombian authorities .	The numbers contained herein are subject to review by the relevant Colombian authorities .	sing_plur	6918
" They had the opportunity , " Furyk said .	" They had the opportunities , " Furyk said .	sing_plur	6921
This is the first bombing on the island .	This is the first bombing on the islands .	sing_plur	6923
These often look perfect but lack the therapeutic ingredient .	These often look perfect but lack the therapeutic ingredients .	sing_plur	6924
There are two dramatic accounts of personal experience on the front page .	There are two dramatic accounts of personal experience on the front pages .	sing_plur	6925
It is not clear how the hacker breached the DHS systems .	It is not clear how the hackers breached the DHS systems .	sing_plur	6928
The stripe signified that they were drummers .	The stripes signified that they were drummers .	sing_plur	6929
And that was the arrival of the good time .	And that was the arrival of the good times .	sing_plur	6930
You would only take the essential .	You would only take the essentials .	sing_plur	6932
Some protect the district from costly litigation , saving taxpayer dollars .	Some protect the districts from costly litigation , saving taxpayer dollars .	sing_plur	6935
Bush personally telephoned Gore yesterday to finalize the arrangement .	Bush personally telephoned Gore yesterday to finalize the arrangements .	sing_plur	6936
They urged motorists to stay off the street .	They urged motorists to stay off the streets .	sing_plur	6940
The risk included above are not exhaustive .	The risks included above are not exhaustive .	sing_plur	6941
The bubble seems to have burst when Roosevelt gently shifted the plan .	The bubble seems to have burst when Roosevelt gently shifted the plans .	sing_plur	6944
They are embarrassed and apologetic about the delay .	They are embarrassed and apologetic about the delays .	sing_plur	6945
Like UBS , Credit Suisse 's investment banking division suiffered the biggest loss .	Like UBS , Credit Suisse 's investment banking division suiffered the biggest losses .	sing_plur	6946
Still , the general plead for more time .	Still , the generals plead for more time .	sing_plur	6947
It is like contemplating the origin of the world .	It is like contemplating the origins of the world .	sing_plur	6948
I wanted to kill the bastard .	I wanted to kill the bastards .	sing_plur	6949
Family photographs adorn the wall .	Family photographs adorn the walls .	sing_plur	6950
The man pleaded not guilty and were released without bail .	The men pleaded not guilty and were released without bail .	sing_plur	6951
Under congressional orders , the agency recently declassified portions of the embarrassing finding .	Under congressional orders , the agency recently declassified portions of the embarrassing findings .	sing_plur	6953
The fact must speak for themselves .	The facts must speak for themselves .	sing_plur	6954
The man agreed to testify in any future proceedings .	The men agreed to testify in any future proceedings .	sing_plur	6955
Get the kid down !	Get the kids down !	sing_plur	6957
Hydrochloric acid can burn the lung if inhaled .	Hydrochloric acid can burn the lungs if inhaled .	sing_plur	6958
The trader found another investor eager to unload his Kamp Re holdings .	The traders found another investor eager to unload his Kamp Re holdings .	sing_plur	6959
They 've circled the wagon and dug in .	They 've circled the wagons and dug in .	sing_plur	6960
Even the bird turned up their nose at this organ .	Even the birds turned up their nose at this organ .	sing_plur	6961
The boy had been staying with a grandmother .	The boys had been staying with a grandmother .	sing_plur	6963
I was sitting on the step of the new library .	I was sitting on the steps of the new library .	sing_plur	6964
The mouse with defective cilia showed less sensitivity to both pressure and heat .	The mice with defective cilia showed less sensitivity to both pressure and heat .	sing_plur	6965
The sack holding the coin appeared to have disintegrated , he said .	The sack holding the coins appeared to have disintegrated , he said .	sing_plur	6966
The lawsuits were among some 90 wrongful death suits stemming from the attack .	The lawsuits were among some 90 wrongful death suits stemming from the attacks .	sing_plur	6968
The lawyer told the magistrate their clients pleaded not guilty .	The lawyers told the magistrate their clients pleaded not guilty .	sing_plur	6969
Fold in the raisin .	Fold in the raisins .	sing_plur	6970
Fresh petals are strewn over the tomb .	Fresh petals are strewn over the tombs .	sing_plur	6972
Now let 's just hope it breaks through the human barrier .	Now let 's just hope it breaks through the human barriers .	sing_plur	6974
Linzie Janis looks at the answer .	Linzie Janis looks at the answers .	sing_plur	6977
We are all waiting for the result .	We are all waiting for the results .	sing_plur	6980
The hopper 's heating element inadvertently turned on , igniting the vapor .	The hopper 's heating element inadvertently turned on , igniting the vapors .	sing_plur	6981
The student involved were suspended from school for a brief time .	The students involved were suspended from school for a brief time .	sing_plur	6983
Deputy Information Minister Tariq Azim defended the arrest .	Deputy Information Minister Tariq Azim defended the arrests .	sing_plur	6989
With every change of the season , new wardrobes filled their closets .	With every change of the seasons , new wardrobes filled their closets .	sing_plur	6990
The economic reading arriving Friday painted a mixed picture .	The economic readings arriving Friday painted a mixed picture .	sing_plur	6991
The gunman fled the scene and no arrests have been made .	The gunmen fled the scene and no arrests have been made .	sing_plur	6992
A spokesman for the producer declined to discuss possible tactics .	A spokesman for the producers declined to discuss possible tactics .	sing_plur	6995
1811 : It is time for the national anthem .	1811 : It is time for the national anthems .	sing_plur	6996
Otherwise , they might hit the street .	Otherwise , they might hit the streets .	sing_plur	6997
Most important : Buy the kid their own seats .	Most important : Buy the kids their own seats .	sing_plur	6998
Most of the pension they would have received will also be gone .	Most of the pensions they would have received will also be gone .	sing_plur	6999
And he is taking the hurdle with him .	And he is taking the hurdles with him .	sing_plur	7001
And that does not even account for the guest .	And that does not even account for the guests .	sing_plur	7004
To all appearances , Saakashvili does not doubt his victory in the election .	To all appearances , Saakashvili does not doubt his victory in the elections .	sing_plur	7005
The success of a thriller depends on your keenness to turn the page .	The success of a thriller depends on your keenness to turn the pages .	sing_plur	7006
It is unfortunate that we all must suffer the consequence .	It is unfortunate that we all must suffer the consequences .	sing_plur	7009
ST 's design lowers the bill-of-material cost by as much as 70 % .	ST 's design lowers the bill-of-material costs by as much as 70 % .	sing_plur	7010
The player seemed to like it , too .	The players seemed to like it , too .	sing_plur	7011
Blacks only got the menial job .	Blacks only got the menial jobs .	sing_plur	7013
The company expects to report the result of this trial during November .	The company expects to report the results of this trial during November .	sing_plur	7015
The scientist examined 7,000 published studies , distilled down from an initial 500,000 .	The scientists examined 7,000 published studies , distilled down from an initial 500,000 .	sing_plur	7018
Everybody 's suffering and hating the boy on the other side .	Everybody 's suffering and hating the boys on the other side .	sing_plur	7020
Yes , the lobbyist will fight us .	Yes , the lobbyists will fight us .	sing_plur	7021
The investigation is being performed by the authority .	The investigation is being performed by the authorities .	sing_plur	7022
The strike in France will not only affect transport .	The strikes in France will not only affect transport .	sing_plur	7027
The result topped analyst expectations , however .	The results topped analyst expectations , however .	sing_plur	7028
U.S. officials warned Americans to beware of buying the drowned car .	U.S. officials warned Americans to beware of buying the drowned cars .	sing_plur	7029
The military and the contractor , he said , have conflicting missions .	The military and the contractors , he said , have conflicting missions .	sing_plur	7030
That analysis found no problems with the instrument , she said Wednesday .	That analysis found no problems with the instruments , she said Wednesday .	sing_plur	7031
But her baby was pronounced dead on arrival , the report said .	But her baby was pronounced dead on arrival , the reports said .	sing_plur	7033
We did the application using publicly available information .	We did the applications using publicly available information .	sing_plur	7035
But then came the shooting the next February .	But then came the shootings the next February .	sing_plur	7036
It has yet to send the invitation .	It has yet to send the invitations .	sing_plur	7037
The vehicle give troops better protection against roadside bombs .	The vehicles give troops better protection against roadside bombs .	sing_plur	7038
The other injured were in stable condition , fire officials said .	The others injured were in stable condition , fire officials said .	sing_plur	7039
It is a place to be seen before heading to the club .	It is a place to be seen before heading to the clubs .	sing_plur	7040
Asset misappropriation , accounting fraud are the biggest problem .	Asset misappropriation , accounting fraud are the biggest problems .	sing_plur	7041
Those were the best year of my life .	Those were the best years of my life .	sing_plur	7042
Over the year , Goulet continued to perform onstage .	Over the years , Goulet continued to perform onstage .	sing_plur	7043
Many of the bomb apparently went off in such courtyards .	Many of the bombs apparently went off in such courtyards .	sing_plur	7044
A relative said one man had been shot by the militant .	A relative said one man had been shot by the militants .	sing_plur	7045
The ad also gave the city much publicity .	The ads also gave the city much publicity .	sing_plur	7046
The other guest could not help noticing that they left together .	The other guests could not help noticing that they left together .	sing_plur	7047
I 'll try to get the other picture for you .	I 'll try to get the other pictures for you .	sing_plur	7048
Most people who complain want the article removed from the archive .	Most people who complain want the articles removed from the archive .	sing_plur	7050
The volume of loans being processed by peer-to-peer marketplaces remain tiny , however .	The volumes of loans being processed by peer-to-peer marketplaces remain tiny , however .	sing_plur	7051
MR. BUZDAR acknowledged that Scrybe might never solve the problem of large companies .	MR. BUZDAR acknowledged that Scrybe might never solve the problems of large companies .	sing_plur	7052
She added that the family is awaiting the result of the police investigation .	She added that the family is awaiting the results of the police investigation .	sing_plur	7053
Perhaps she felt the effect of a lingering shoulder injury .	Perhaps she felt the effects of a lingering shoulder injury .	sing_plur	7057
The judge ruled 5-4 in favor of Bush .	The judges ruled 5-4 in favor of Bush .	sing_plur	7059
He would not detail the area cited .	He would not detail the areas cited .	sing_plur	7060
He denied the accusation in a one-page statement .	He denied the accusations in a one-page statement .	sing_plur	7062
There is no end to the theory of why Time Warner has stalled .	There is no end to the theories of why Time Warner has stalled .	sing_plur	7064
The only thing I worry about is pleasing the supporter .	The only thing I worry about is pleasing the supporters .	sing_plur	7065
Comcast allowed the upload after repeated requests .	Comcast allowed the uploads after repeated requests .	sing_plur	7066
In November 1975 , the poll predicted Kennedy again .	In November 1975 , the polls predicted Kennedy again .	sing_plur	7067
That gets back to the wrinkle .	That gets back to the wrinkles .	sing_plur	7068
In a statement , the association also objected to the new rule .	In a statement , the association also objected to the new rules .	sing_plur	7069
The onion should be harvested in late spring and early summer .	The onions should be harvested in late spring and early summer .	sing_plur	7070
AMEX has neither approved nor disapproved of the content of this press release .	AMEX has neither approved nor disapproved of the contents of this press release .	sing_plur	7071
She also said there were issues concerning the enforcement of the existing law .	She also said there were issues concerning the enforcement of the existing laws .	sing_plur	7072
The student did not flinch .	The students did not flinch .	sing_plur	7073
One NLD member died during the interrogation .	One NLD member died during the interrogations .	sing_plur	7074
Voters complain that there is little to distinguish the party .	Voters complain that there is little to distinguish the parties .	sing_plur	7076
It is built for the generation to come .	It is built for the generations to come .	sing_plur	7077
The share closed Friday at $ 37.73 .	The shares closed Friday at $ 37.73 .	sing_plur	7078
Let the sweet potato simmer until tender , about 20 minutes .	Let the sweet potatoes simmer until tender , about 20 minutes .	sing_plur	7079
The result announced today are preliminary and subject to verification by the depositary .	The results announced today are preliminary and subject to verification by the depositary .	sing_plur	7082
The pair 's family said they were " devastated " by the death .	The pair 's family said they were " devastated " by the deaths .	sing_plur	7083
Nobody was inside the building at the time .	Nobody was inside the buildings at the time .	sing_plur	7084
The police traced the defendant through the online screen name .	The police traced the defendants through the online screen name .	sing_plur	7085
Musharraf also has moved to control the medium .	Musharraf also has moved to control the media .	sing_plur	7087
And no , it was not all about the celebrity .	And no , it was not all about the celebrities .	sing_plur	7088
The military has not released the name or nationalities of the wounded .	The military has not released the names or nationalities of the wounded .	sing_plur	7089
We did not have the footprint .	We did not have the footprints .	sing_plur	7090
If only they could get rid of the mosquito .	If only they could get rid of the mosquitoes .	sing_plur	7092
At least seven people in the two early voting states received the call .	At least seven people in the two early voting states received the calls .	sing_plur	7094
The crew also filmed the moment Arshad confessed to the murder .	The crew also filmed the moment Arshad confessed to the murders .	sing_plur	7096
That is partly the euphemistic temper of the time .	That is partly the euphemistic temper of the times .	sing_plur	7097
Bloomberg News denied the allegation .	Bloomberg News denied the allegations .	sing_plur	7099
The crime took place from March 2003 to May 2006 , prosecutors said .	The crimes took place from March 2003 to May 2006 , prosecutors said .	sing_plur	7100
In the second quarter , the rise-and-sit " wave " circled the stand .	In the second quarter , the rise-and-sit " wave " circled the stands .	sing_plur	7101
They are expressing the unity of Iraqis in confronting the enemy of Iraq .	They are expressing the unity of Iraqis in confronting the enemies of Iraq .	sing_plur	7104
The killing in Bittsa Park began almost a decade later .	The killings in Bittsa Park began almost a decade later .	sing_plur	7105
It is up to the voter to decide .	It is up to the voters to decide .	sing_plur	7106
This , he said , led to many of the accident .	This , he said , led to many of the accidents .	sing_plur	7107
But eventually discontent arose among the rank .	But eventually discontent arose among the ranks .	sing_plur	7109
Car manufacturers live by the rule of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .	Car manufacturers live by the rules of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .	sing_plur	7112
We have to look at how we manage the consequence of that .	We have to look at how we manage the consequences of that .	sing_plur	7113
I cannot seem to get rid of the darn thing .	I cannot seem to get rid of the darn things .	sing_plur	7114
The lawsuit involved represented 32 individuals .	The lawsuits involved represented 32 individuals .	sing_plur	7115
This will include the term of any discounted rights issue .	This will include the terms of any discounted rights issue .	sing_plur	7117
The surgeon detailed their achievement in the journal Fetal Diagnosis and Therapy .	The surgeons detailed their achievement in the journal Fetal Diagnosis and Therapy .	sing_plur	7118
" People have seen the benefit of open platforms , " he said .	" People have seen the benefits of open platforms , " he said .	sing_plur	7120
" We cannot blame the contractor , " he said .	" We cannot blame the contractors , " he said .	sing_plur	7121
It is not even that Princess generates more grievances than the other .	It is not even that Princess generates more grievances than the others .	sing_plur	7123
The charge stemmed from complaints made by other U.S. soldiers to authorities .	The charges stemmed from complaints made by other U.S. soldiers to authorities .	sing_plur	7124
Ogonowski , 49 , won his primary with 89 percent of the vote .	Ogonowski , 49 , won his primary with 89 percent of the votes .	sing_plur	7126
Then they count the vote for each candidate .	Then they count the votes for each candidate .	sing_plur	7127
It is not hooked up to the wheel .	It is not hooked up to the wheels .	sing_plur	7130
" They are similar because of the result , " Beckett said .	" They are similar because of the results , " Beckett said .	sing_plur	7131
I cannot wait to be home for the holiday .	I cannot wait to be home for the holidays .	sing_plur	7132
No further details were released on the raid , which began Thursday night .	No further details were released on the raids , which began Thursday night .	sing_plur	7133
After the thief made off with his stash , the dealer telephoned police .	After the thieves made off with his stash , the dealer telephoned police .	sing_plur	7135
The friend did not wait for police to arrive .	The friends did not wait for police to arrive .	sing_plur	7136
They neither screamed nor jumped nor danced happy jigs in the stand .	They neither screamed nor jumped nor danced happy jigs in the stands .	sing_plur	7138
He said he was troubled that the man had been tried together .	He said he was troubled that the men had been tried together .	sing_plur	7140
The importance of this house was very clear to the reviewer .	The importance of this house was very clear to the reviewers .	sing_plur	7141
The status requires local authorities to evacuate people living on the slope .	The status requires local authorities to evacuate people living on the slopes .	sing_plur	7142
The first mouse with genes manipulated in this way were announced in 1989 .	The first mice with genes manipulated in this way were announced in 1989 .	sing_plur	7144
The problem here was the individual concerned ignored these instructions .	The problem here was the individuals concerned ignored these instructions .	sing_plur	7145
For some the battle continued .	For some the battles continued .	sing_plur	7147
Today , Islam and Orthodox Christianity are the dominant religion in the country .	Today , Islam and Orthodox Christianity are the dominant religions in the country .	sing_plur	7148
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact Guernsey Police .	Anyone with information about the incidents is asked to contact Guernsey Police .	sing_plur	7150
But the anthropologist had a point .	But the anthropologists had a point .	sing_plur	7152
She left letters in the mailbox , but has received no response .	She left letters in the mailboxes , but has received no response .	sing_plur	7153
He believed in the kid and the assistant coaches .	He believed in the kids and the assistant coaches .	sing_plur	7154
Yushchenko 's office denied the claim .	Yushchenko 's office denied the claims .	sing_plur	7155
This one went down to the final second .	This one went down to the final seconds .	sing_plur	7156
The seat on the field offered a rare view .	The seats on the field offered a rare view .	sing_plur	7157
The canyon of Midtown can be intimidating at that somber hour .	The canyons of Midtown can be intimidating at that somber hour .	sing_plur	7159
She tore out the seam .	She tore out the seams .	sing_plur	7161
In the other three cases , the woman developed symptoms between screenings .	In the other three cases , the women developed symptoms between screenings .	sing_plur	7162
The 20-year-old is seeded to meet Dmitry Tursunov in the quarter-final .	The 20-year-old is seeded to meet Dmitry Tursunov in the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	7164
She added that combining units is changing the dynamic of apartment living .	She added that combining units is changing the dynamics of apartment living .	sing_plur	7165
The whaler will not turn back .	The whalers will not turn back .	sing_plur	7166
But I certainly want to improve in the next round .	But I certainly want to improve in the next rounds .	sing_plur	7167
Those are the right of Guantanamo 's detainees .	Those are the rights of Guantanamo 's detainees .	sing_plur	7168
These are the first voluntary accreditation developed for the industry .	These are the first voluntary accreditations developed for the industry .	sing_plur	7170
There is , however , an easy target : the parent .	There is , however , an easy target : the parents .	sing_plur	7171
The theory is detailed in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The theory is detailed in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	7173
As the killer sped off , police officers arrived on the scene .	As the killers sped off , police officers arrived on the scene .	sing_plur	7178
Pc Cottingham denies the accusation .	Pc Cottingham denies the accusations .	sing_plur	7179
We also have the longest working hour in Europe .	We also have the longest working hours in Europe .	sing_plur	7180
The material for a full biography of Saki no longer exist .	The materials for a full biography of Saki no longer exist .	sing_plur	7181
He supported Topeka 's minor league hockey teams over the year .	He supported Topeka 's minor league hockey teams over the years .	sing_plur	7182
The hive went away in a few days .	The hives went away in a few days .	sing_plur	7183
, the program it provides and make donations .	, the programs it provides and make donations .	sing_plur	7187
Neither of the teenager has since been caught .	Neither of the teenagers has since been caught .	sing_plur	7188
What I do is sit at my computer and sing the song .	What I do is sit at my computer and sing the songs .	sing_plur	7189
Company officials declined to elaborate on the financial term .	Company officials declined to elaborate on the financial terms .	sing_plur	7191
Make it four after Nixon 's line shot into the right-field seat .	Make it four after Nixon 's line shot into the right-field seats .	sing_plur	7192
The attack took place between 2002 and 2007 .	The attacks took place between 2002 and 2007 .	sing_plur	7193
The report does not indicate where police located and seized the memorabilium .	The report does not indicate where police located and seized the memorabilia .	sing_plur	7199
The hospital foundation is covering the medical cost .	The hospital foundation is covering the medical costs .	sing_plur	7200
All six bedrooms are on the upper level .	All six bedrooms are on the upper levels .	sing_plur	7201
Until then , you 'll have to rely on the lollipop .	Until then , you 'll have to rely on the lollipops .	sing_plur	7204
Really , the answer did not matter .	Really , the answers did not matter .	sing_plur	7205
" " We still possess the key to the election .	" " We still possess the keys to the election .	sing_plur	7206
I do regret some of the thing that happened .	I do regret some of the things that happened .	sing_plur	7207
I am looking forward to Christmas and looking forward to the playoff .	I am looking forward to Christmas and looking forward to the playoffs .	sing_plur	7208
The offering of the security is made only by means of a prospectus .	The offering of the securities is made only by means of a prospectus .	sing_plur	7209
The buttons are rubberized and gentle on the fingertip .	The buttons are rubberized and gentle on the fingertips .	sing_plur	7210
The bear would disappear entirely from Alaska , the study said .	The bears would disappear entirely from Alaska , the study said .	sing_plur	7211
The audience at that session was more interesting than the speech .	The audience at that session was more interesting than the speeches .	sing_plur	7212
Estimated mine life is 5.2 years with the current reserve .	Estimated mine life is 5.2 years with the current reserves .	sing_plur	7214
A decision on the proposal is expected next spring .	A decision on the proposals is expected next spring .	sing_plur	7215
We are the underdog .	We are the underdogs .	sing_plur	7216
Giancarlo Fisichella and Heikki Kovalainen are the current driver for Renault .	Giancarlo Fisichella and Heikki Kovalainen are the current drivers for Renault .	sing_plur	7217
Kibaki urged Kenyans on Friday to wait for the official result .	Kibaki urged Kenyans on Friday to wait for the official results .	sing_plur	7218
Then there are the nut and bolts of the launch .	Then there are the nuts and bolts of the launch .	sing_plur	7219
It is getting a lot of play in the medium .	It is getting a lot of play in the media .	sing_plur	7220
All of the infected animal appeared healthy .	All of the infected animals appeared healthy .	sing_plur	7222
Democratic officials widely expect Leahy to schedule the proceeding later this month .	Democratic officials widely expect Leahy to schedule the proceedings later this month .	sing_plur	7223
Get ready , because here come the bee .	Get ready , because here come the bees .	sing_plur	7225
" What is important here are the memory , " Dee said .	" What is important here are the memories , " Dee said .	sing_plur	7226
All teams were reminded recently that videotaping signals is against the rule .	All teams were reminded recently that videotaping signals is against the rules .	sing_plur	7229
The name of companies mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners .	The names of companies mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners .	sing_plur	7231
" We are repatriating the snail , " he said .	" We are repatriating the snails , " he said .	sing_plur	7232
My children were terrified when they saw the gun .	My children were terrified when they saw the guns .	sing_plur	7233
It is kept us entertained through the year .	It is kept us entertained through the years .	sing_plur	7234
Three of the serviceman pictured died in the battle .	Three of the servicemen pictured died in the battle .	sing_plur	7235
The North Vietnamese have given this argument a boost over the year .	The North Vietnamese have given this argument a boost over the years .	sing_plur	7236
I just want to say thank you to the judge in there .	I just want to say thank you to the judges in there .	sing_plur	7237
UAW spokesman Roger Kerson declined to comment on the talk .	UAW spokesman Roger Kerson declined to comment on the talks .	sing_plur	7238
LOS ANGELES - An animated series is redrawing the line of television mega-deals .	LOS ANGELES - An animated series is redrawing the lines of television mega-deals .	sing_plur	7239
" " We definitely appreciate the support of the fan .	" " We definitely appreciate the support of the fans .	sing_plur	7241
Just model yourself off of the right friend .	Just model yourself off of the right friends .	sing_plur	7242
The Bill ( 5-5 ) managed little resistance .	The Bills ( 5-5 ) managed little resistance .	sing_plur	7243
Chapman issued a statement apologizing for the comment .	Chapman issued a statement apologizing for the comments .	sing_plur	7244
but Mrs Wright does not plan to attend the hearing .	but Mrs Wright does not plan to attend the hearings .	sing_plur	7247
So they switched off the supply because of the leak .	So they switched off the supply because of the leaks .	sing_plur	7249
Her eyes are tightly shut and bulging beneath the lid .	Her eyes are tightly shut and bulging beneath the lids .	sing_plur	7250
The time recorded could be wrong , she added .	The times recorded could be wrong , she added .	sing_plur	7252
Stymied , the investigator closed the probe .	Stymied , the investigators closed the probe .	sing_plur	7253
Her lawyer denied the claim .	Her lawyer denied the claims .	sing_plur	7256
U.S. District Judge A. Joe Fish sent then back to resolve the difference .	U.S. District Judge A. Joe Fish sent then back to resolve the differences .	sing_plur	7257
Cirstea and Hantuchova are paired against each other in the semifinal .	Cirstea and Hantuchova are paired against each other in the semifinals .	sing_plur	7258
Many are looking outside Iraq for the fund .	Many are looking outside Iraq for the funds .	sing_plur	7259
You have to be aware of the constraint .	You have to be aware of the constraints .	sing_plur	7263
There will always be people out there who will break the rule .	There will always be people out there who will break the rules .	sing_plur	7264
We have good neighborly relations with the head of state .	We have good neighborly relations with the heads of state .	sing_plur	7266
The winner conceded that the weather had changed their races .	The winners conceded that the weather had changed their races .	sing_plur	7268
Nearly all our testers liked most of the nonalcoholic brew .	Nearly all our testers liked most of the nonalcoholic brews .	sing_plur	7270
We visited the remains of the trench at Ypres .	We visited the remains of the trenches at Ypres .	sing_plur	7271
Even with those losses , the insurer should have enough cash to survive .	Even with those losses , the insurers should have enough cash to survive .	sing_plur	7274
PHILADELPHIA - Not even Dr. J could inspire the 76er .	PHILADELPHIA - Not even Dr. J could inspire the 76ers .	sing_plur	7277
But Khartoum disputes the figure and says only 9,000 people died .	But Khartoum disputes the figures and says only 9,000 people died .	sing_plur	7278
Recent events involving Tasers have polarized public opinion on the device .	Recent events involving Tasers have polarized public opinion on the devices .	sing_plur	7280
The guerrilla denied losing territory to government forces .	The guerrillas denied losing territory to government forces .	sing_plur	7282
Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statement .	Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	7284
Singer Richard Street ( The Temptation ) is 65 .	Singer Richard Street ( The Temptations ) is 65 .	sing_plur	7285
" " No clear rhythm is established for the meeting .	" " No clear rhythm is established for the meetings .	sing_plur	7286
The proceeding ended with what was termed a protest march .	The proceedings ended with what was termed a protest march .	sing_plur	7288
I discussed it with the other teacher .	I discussed it with the other teachers .	sing_plur	7291
The central character in Jungersen 's novel should be as inoculated as anyone .	The central characters in Jungersen 's novel should be as inoculated as anyone .	sing_plur	7292
Because our members are the owner of the hotels .	Because our members are the owners of the hotels .	sing_plur	7294
" I do not trust the official , " she said .	" I do not trust the officials , " she said .	sing_plur	7295
You can still see the other part of the exhibit .	You can still see the other parts of the exhibit .	sing_plur	7297
Swiss said that it had paid compensation to the family of the victims .	Swiss said that it had paid compensation to the families of the victims .	sing_plur	7298
The organization in InterAction raise some $ 7 billion a year .	The organizations in InterAction raise some $ 7 billion a year .	sing_plur	7300
But the campaign has done little to stop the guerrilla .	But the campaign has done little to stop the guerrillas .	sing_plur	7301
The incident that happened were between the pilgrims and the government forces .	The incidents that happened were between the pilgrims and the government forces .	sing_plur	7302
For the kid , it is not just about money .	For the kids , it is not just about money .	sing_plur	7304
He was acquired by the Red in 2006 .	He was acquired by the Reds in 2006 .	sing_plur	7307
The results indicate that GTF acts similarly to insulin in the rat .	The results indicate that GTF acts similarly to insulin in the rats .	sing_plur	7308
Those companies ' chief executives have stepped down amid the loss .	Those companies ' chief executives have stepped down amid the losses .	sing_plur	7310
We have to be much better defensively in the quarterfinal .	We have to be much better defensively in the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	7311
Voter disaffection has been steadily increasing over the year .	Voter disaffection has been steadily increasing over the years .	sing_plur	7313
The regulations were supposed to make the product more transparent .	The regulations were supposed to make the products more transparent .	sing_plur	7314
The attack shattered the window of her truck .	The attack shattered the windows of her truck .	sing_plur	7315
The arrest appeared aimed primarily at environmental protest groups and Maori sovereignty activists .	The arrests appeared aimed primarily at environmental protest groups and Maori sovereignty activists .	sing_plur	7316
The trip followed threats by Russia to retarget its missiles on Europe .	The trips followed threats by Russia to retarget its missiles on Europe .	sing_plur	7317
The directive will affect about half the state .	The directive will affect about half the states .	sing_plur	7319
Commanders at Guantanamo had no comment Tuesday on the allegation .	Commanders at Guantanamo had no comment Tuesday on the allegations .	sing_plur	7320
The supervisor will also consider two other developments that face strong opposition .	The supervisors will also consider two other developments that face strong opposition .	sing_plur	7321
The rail authority , government and unions all condemned the act .	The rail authority , government and unions all condemned the acts .	sing_plur	7322
I want to hear them talk about their stands on the issue .	I want to hear them talk about their stands on the issues .	sing_plur	7325
But neither can the result be brushed away , he says .	But neither can the results be brushed away , he says .	sing_plur	7326
The robber made off with more than  15,000 in cash .	The robbers made off with more than  15,000 in cash .	sing_plur	7328
Put the plum into a saucepan with the port .	Put the plums into a saucepan with the port .	sing_plur	7329
The refuse ends up in Jakarta Bay and oozes towards the island .	The refuse ends up in Jakarta Bay and oozes towards the islands .	sing_plur	7331
Then there was dancing in the aisle .	Then there was dancing in the aisles .	sing_plur	7332
The researcher sent questionnaires to patients served by two general practices in Nottingham .	The researchers sent questionnaires to patients served by two general practices in Nottingham .	sing_plur	7335
The Viking had too many men on the field , he said .	The Vikings had too many men on the field , he said .	sing_plur	7337
Combined , the business being sold employ roughly 4,400 people , PPG said .	Combined , the businesses being sold employ roughly 4,400 people , PPG said .	sing_plur	7340
Blackwater said the guard came under attack .	Blackwater said the guards came under attack .	sing_plur	7341
They were the first reader of Playboy .	They were the first readers of Playboy .	sing_plur	7343
And he hired a trucking service to ship the penny .	And he hired a trucking service to ship the pennies .	sing_plur	7344
The new reptile had a " mammalian " arrangement for their limbs .	The new reptiles had a " mammalian " arrangement for their limbs .	sing_plur	7345
The decision followed a five-day hearing on the issue in November 2006 .	The decision followed a five-day hearing on the issues in November 2006 .	sing_plur	7346
Godman dismissed the allegation of cocaine use .	Godman dismissed the allegations of cocaine use .	sing_plur	7347
The Husky took just five plays to go 95 yards .	The Huskies took just five plays to go 95 yards .	sing_plur	7348
Ben Gordon led the Bull with 20 points .	Ben Gordon led the Bulls with 20 points .	sing_plur	7352
Electronics are the hottest item these days .	Electronics are the hottest items these days .	sing_plur	7353
The home ran into debt after Medicaid reimbursements were declined .	The homes ran into debt after Medicaid reimbursements were declined .	sing_plur	7355
Jonathan P. Hicks examines the implication of the defeat .	Jonathan P. Hicks examines the implications of the defeat .	sing_plur	7357
The player , though , insisted things stay the way they were .	The players , though , insisted things stay the way they were .	sing_plur	7358
U.S. troops killed 14 suspects during the operation , the military said .	U.S. troops killed 14 suspects during the operations , the military said .	sing_plur	7359
A decade ago , an estimated 300,000 vultures cruised the Nepali sky .	A decade ago , an estimated 300,000 vultures cruised the Nepali skies .	sing_plur	7361
Remove from the heat and stir in the scallion , dill and parsley .	Remove from the heat and stir in the scallions , dill and parsley .	sing_plur	7362
It is tough to compete with the old master .	It is tough to compete with the old masters .	sing_plur	7364
The girl wore rags .	The girls wore rags .	sing_plur	7367
She underwent surgery twice and she still bears the scar from the attack .	She underwent surgery twice and she still bears the scars from the attack .	sing_plur	7370
That said , there are some good tributes in the shop .	That said , there are some good tributes in the shops .	sing_plur	7371
The cut followed the elimination of about 500 positions last month .	The cuts followed the elimination of about 500 positions last month .	sing_plur	7372
Mr Odinga , it says , would upset the financial market .	Mr Odinga , it says , would upset the financial markets .	sing_plur	7373
The winner split 150,000 dollars while the runner-ups divided 70,000 dollars .	The winners split 150,000 dollars while the runner-ups divided 70,000 dollars .	sing_plur	7374
St. Louis is 9-4 against the Red this season .	St. Louis is 9-4 against the Reds this season .	sing_plur	7375
The key suspect could face prison terms of at least 10 years .	The key suspects could face prison terms of at least 10 years .	sing_plur	7376
It comes after repeated political calls for closer links between the nation .	It comes after repeated political calls for closer links between the nations .	sing_plur	7378
In New Delhi , the U.S. Embassy also condemned the attack .	In New Delhi , the U.S. Embassy also condemned the attacks .	sing_plur	7379
He had dropped his handgun before the officer reached him .	He had dropped his handgun before the officers reached him .	sing_plur	7380
They should set the date accordingly and work together .	They should set the dates accordingly and work together .	sing_plur	7381
The chip and the Lipton soups all had holes in them .	The chips and the Lipton soups all had holes in them .	sing_plur	7382
These are the only store selling such stuff in Baghdad .	These are the only stores selling such stuff in Baghdad .	sing_plur	7383
The difference in their games was largely on the green .	The difference in their games was largely on the greens .	sing_plur	7384
The team finished the game on less-than-friendly terms .	The teams finished the game on less-than-friendly terms .	sing_plur	7385
Women are the best creature created by God .	Women are the best creatures created by God .	sing_plur	7386
It outlived the dinosaur .	It outlived the dinosaurs .	sing_plur	7387
It is favored to go deep into the playoff .	It is favored to go deep into the playoffs .	sing_plur	7388
Hamas and Fatah are rivals for the leadership of the Palestinian territory .	Hamas and Fatah are rivals for the leadership of the Palestinian territories .	sing_plur	7389
You want interrogators in training to watch the tape .	You want interrogators in training to watch the tapes .	sing_plur	7393
We all want the best interview .	We all want the best interviews .	sing_plur	7394
, to sell cotton candy at the game .	, to sell cotton candy at the games .	sing_plur	7395
That is underpinning the financial .	That is underpinning the financials .	sing_plur	7396
So it is pushing the boundary .	So it is pushing the boundaries .	sing_plur	7397
Olmert 's office has protested the man 's release to Abbas .	Olmert 's office has protested the men 's release to Abbas .	sing_plur	7399
The vehicle had six hours to complete the 60-mile course .	The vehicles had six hours to complete the 60-mile course .	sing_plur	7400
" We have done the formality , " he said .	" We have done the formalities , " he said .	sing_plur	7401
The agency denied the accusation .	The agency denied the accusations .	sing_plur	7403
The freshman could have signed elsewhere .	The freshmen could have signed elsewhere .	sing_plur	7405
Even the big guy can feel the pressure .	Even the big guys can feel the pressure .	sing_plur	7407
Both of the homer came in an eight-run seventh inning .	Both of the homers came in an eight-run seventh inning .	sing_plur	7408
It said the operation would be transferred to Russian partners .	It said the operations would be transferred to Russian partners .	sing_plur	7410
The upbeat statement reflected those of U.S. military officials .	The upbeat statements reflected those of U.S. military officials .	sing_plur	7411
Afterward , the goal posts were torn down - by the player .	Afterward , the goal posts were torn down - by the players .	sing_plur	7412
The guerrilla said they lost three of their fighters .	The guerrillas said they lost three of their fighters .	sing_plur	7415
He is been battling the charge ever since .	He is been battling the charges ever since .	sing_plur	7416
Two impromptu memorials sprang up in Clement Park immediately after the shooting .	Two impromptu memorials sprang up in Clement Park immediately after the shootings .	sing_plur	7417
" I cannot overstate the importance " of the team , he said .	" I cannot overstate the importance " of the teams , he said .	sing_plur	7418
The action followed an investigation into care standards , a spokesman said .	The actions followed an investigation into care standards , a spokesman said .	sing_plur	7422
They were going to the playoff .	They were going to the playoffs .	sing_plur	7423
Happily , the producer chose to let him live .	Happily , the producers chose to let him live .	sing_plur	7424
It justifies this caution by pointing to the unprecedented nature of the problem .	It justifies this caution by pointing to the unprecedented nature of the problems .	sing_plur	7425
All of the settlement filed Monday involved United Airlines .	All of the settlements filed Monday involved United Airlines .	sing_plur	7426
The grays are larger and tougher and meaner than the red .	The grays are larger and tougher and meaner than the reds .	sing_plur	7428
" This means we tend to override the signal , " he says .	" This means we tend to override the signals , " he says .	sing_plur	7429
A 10-day police search has so far failed to find the disk .	A 10-day police search has so far failed to find the disks .	sing_plur	7431
The tourist had paid about  4,400 each for the 19-day tour .	The tourists had paid about  4,400 each for the 19-day tour .	sing_plur	7432
They are usually showing off their support and spirit safely on the sideline .	They are usually showing off their support and spirit safely on the sidelines .	sing_plur	7433
The Cleveland Browns will make the playoff .	The Cleveland Browns will make the playoffs .	sing_plur	7435
Find out about the Child in Need events happening at your school .	Find out about the Children in Need events happening at your school .	sing_plur	7436
Go211.com offers a broad range of exclusive content submitted directly from the athlete .	Go211.com offers a broad range of exclusive content submitted directly from the athletes .	sing_plur	7437
The tank did not have any national markings .	The tanks did not have any national markings .	sing_plur	7438
The change must now be implemented without delay .	The changes must now be implemented without delay .	sing_plur	7439
But if anything this understates the danger of today 's hyper-polarisation .	But if anything this understates the dangers of today 's hyper-polarisation .	sing_plur	7440
Online network Police say he sold the video online .	Online network Police say he sold the videos online .	sing_plur	7441
The future of the bateye is unclear .	The future of the bateyes is unclear .	sing_plur	7444
The young woman portrayed in " God 's Harvard " are more complex .	The young women portrayed in " God 's Harvard " are more complex .	sing_plur	7445
The candidate continued attacking one another Sunday .	The candidates continued attacking one another Sunday .	sing_plur	7446
I wanted to hear about the experience of these women .	I wanted to hear about the experiences of these women .	sing_plur	7449
But his self-assurance rubbed off on the other .	But his self-assurance rubbed off on the others .	sing_plur	7451
Just do not bring the child .	Just do not bring the children .	sing_plur	7452
But it is not for the reason you might think .	But it is not for the reasons you might think .	sing_plur	7453
And the application can be downloaded online .	And the applications can be downloaded online .	sing_plur	7457
I just heard a bang when I went through the light .	I just heard a bang when I went through the lights .	sing_plur	7458
The shape can be round , square or octagonal .	The shapes can be round , square or octagonal .	sing_plur	7462
John Calipari took the Tigers to the regional final the past two years .	John Calipari took the Tigers to the regional finals the past two years .	sing_plur	7463
CNBC paid about $ 87,000 for the ad .	CNBC paid about $ 87,000 for the ads .	sing_plur	7464
The only stimulant she relies on are nicotine and chocolate .	The only stimulants she relies on are nicotine and chocolate .	sing_plur	7465
They just want the fuel-efficient hybrid to make some noise .	They just want the fuel-efficient hybrids to make some noise .	sing_plur	7467
The fire is heading north-west away from the home , Beckley said .	The fire is heading north-west away from the homes , Beckley said .	sing_plur	7468
At the trial , Mr. Steuerman angrily denied involvement in the murder .	At the trial , Mr. Steuerman angrily denied involvement in the murders .	sing_plur	7469
Nor were the successive election an illusion .	Nor were the successive elections an illusion .	sing_plur	7470
The researcher detailed their idea in the European journal Lethaia .	The researchers detailed their idea in the European journal Lethaia .	sing_plur	7471
No one was hurt when the explosive failed to detonate completely .	No one was hurt when the explosives failed to detonate completely .	sing_plur	7472
Sheep are slaughtered for the holiday .	Sheep are slaughtered for the holidays .	sing_plur	7475
I would expect the predictable answer : Don Mattingly .	I would expect the predictable answers : Don Mattingly .	sing_plur	7478
I am fed up with a specific portion of the medium .	I am fed up with a specific portion of the media .	sing_plur	7484
The train did not work , the doors did not work .	The trains did not work , the doors did not work .	sing_plur	7485
A year earlier , Scotland were defeated 2-0 in Prague by the Czech .	A year earlier , Scotland were defeated 2-0 in Prague by the Czechs .	sing_plur	7487
So were the penalty for the fathers ' crimes .	So were the penalties for the fathers ' crimes .	sing_plur	7489
Consider the number .	Consider the numbers .	sing_plur	7490
The sickening , saddening power of the photograph is undeniable .	The sickening , saddening power of the photographs is undeniable .	sing_plur	7493
The religious party used that to their advantage .	The religious parties used that to their advantage .	sing_plur	7495
The circumstance surrounding Sunday 's attack were uncertain .	The circumstances surrounding Sunday 's attack were uncertain .	sing_plur	7496
His campaign reported having $ 11.6 million on hand for the primary .	His campaign reported having $ 11.6 million on hand for the primaries .	sing_plur	7497
He then confirmed the comment to The Associated Press .	He then confirmed the comments to The Associated Press .	sing_plur	7498
Mattel did not immediately return a call seeking comment on the hearing .	Mattel did not immediately return a call seeking comment on the hearings .	sing_plur	7502
We have seen what they do in the street .	We have seen what they do in the streets .	sing_plur	7504
The protester dispersed after the car carrying Ahmadinejad left the campus .	The protesters dispersed after the car carrying Ahmadinejad left the campus .	sing_plur	7505
The defendant spoke only to confirm their names during the brief preliminary hearing .	The defendants spoke only to confirm their names during the brief preliminary hearing .	sing_plur	7506
The 27-nation European Union controls a combined 32.09 percent of the vote .	The 27-nation European Union controls a combined 32.09 percent of the votes .	sing_plur	7507
The prosecution argued that Steele had a history of flouting the rule .	The prosecution argued that Steele had a history of flouting the rules .	sing_plur	7510
Wooden vases are among the item for sale .	Wooden vases are among the items for sale .	sing_plur	7512
Upshaw shook his head at the complaint .	Upshaw shook his head at the complaints .	sing_plur	7513
A good deal of it is simply tossed on to the street .	A good deal of it is simply tossed on to the streets .	sing_plur	7515
The explosion occurred Saturday morning within minutes of one another .	The explosions occurred Saturday morning within minutes of one another .	sing_plur	7516
But we had missed the cow of the Mesozoic .	But we had missed the cows of the Mesozoic .	sing_plur	7518
The event , which Smith organized for years , were lucrative .	The events , which Smith organized for years , were lucrative .	sing_plur	7519
Both have said they would divest their campaigns of the donation .	Both have said they would divest their campaigns of the donations .	sing_plur	7520
The effect of wear on the system also degrade balance over time .	The effects of wear on the system also degrade balance over time .	sing_plur	7521
The automaker did not announce production cuts , the next likely step .	The automakers did not announce production cuts , the next likely step .	sing_plur	7522
The game will change the city , and change people 's lives .	The games will change the city , and change people 's lives .	sing_plur	7523
Berardino tends to avoid the lab .	Berardino tends to avoid the labs .	sing_plur	7524
Two of the suitcase broke open on impact .	Two of the suitcases broke open on impact .	sing_plur	7525
Brendan Morrison and Alex Burrows also scored for the Canuck .	Brendan Morrison and Alex Burrows also scored for the Canucks .	sing_plur	7527
The rebel , he said , had already accepted the invitation .	The rebels , he said , had already accepted the invitation .	sing_plur	7529
The Sadrist did that .	The Sadrists did that .	sing_plur	7530
That is the next challenge of the billionaire .	That is the next challenge of the billionaires .	sing_plur	7531
First , you should understand the security themselves .	First , you should understand the securities themselves .	sing_plur	7532
Special items are detailed in the financial table accompanying this release .	Special items are detailed in the financial tables accompanying this release .	sing_plur	7533
Helpfully , the cast looked the part .	Helpfully , the casts looked the part .	sing_plur	7534
The explosive would be put to good use .	The explosives would be put to good use .	sing_plur	7535
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blast .	There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the blasts .	sing_plur	7536
I would , however , like to send a message to the parent .	I would , however , like to send a message to the parents .	sing_plur	7537
The first big one had been felt way out here .	The first big ones had been felt way out here .	sing_plur	7538
The woman all wore shawls over their heads .	The women all wore shawls over their heads .	sing_plur	7540
The team traded touchdowns during a 13-second span of the third quarter .	The teams traded touchdowns during a 13-second span of the third quarter .	sing_plur	7542
The credit agencies also receive fees from the underwriter .	The credit agencies also receive fees from the underwriters .	sing_plur	7545
Officials have blamed pro-Taliban and al-Qaida elements for most of the attack .	Officials have blamed pro-Taliban and al-Qaida elements for most of the attacks .	sing_plur	7546
The basic criterion of unconditional love eluded me .	The basic criteria of unconditional love eluded me .	sing_plur	7547
That would keep hope alive for the other man in the race .	That would keep hope alive for the other men in the race .	sing_plur	7550
But the darn thing just would not fail altogether .	But the darn things just would not fail altogether .	sing_plur	7553
The call worked .	The calls worked .	sing_plur	7556
If not , the consequence could well be catastrophic .	If not , the consequences could well be catastrophic .	sing_plur	7557
" I like the single-family house , " Mrs. Gold said .	" I like the single-family houses , " Mrs. Gold said .	sing_plur	7558
He did not explicitly admit to helping kill the dog .	He did not explicitly admit to helping kill the dogs .	sing_plur	7559
I talk to people in the trench every day .	I talk to people in the trenches every day .	sing_plur	7560
It records the moment two months ago shortly before the shooting .	It records the moments two months ago shortly before the shooting .	sing_plur	7562
Rudolph W. Giuliani joined in praising the step taken by the administration .	Rudolph W. Giuliani joined in praising the steps taken by the administration .	sing_plur	7563
When his mermaids glide , the movement starts in the arm .	When his mermaids glide , the movement starts in the arms .	sing_plur	7564
The Sixer went 21-for-32 from the free-throw line .	The Sixers went 21-for-32 from the free-throw line .	sing_plur	7565
About 50 people were injured in the blast .	About 50 people were injured in the blasts .	sing_plur	7569
His biggest contribution on this night came on the basepath .	His biggest contribution on this night came on the basepaths .	sing_plur	7570
The levy could not hold .	The levies could not hold .	sing_plur	7571
He had a 56-56-5 record with the 49er .	He had a 56-56-5 record with the 49ers .	sing_plur	7574
I understand that Little River has the student mixed .	I understand that Little River has the students mixed .	sing_plur	7575
Police have arrested 15 individuals in connection with the theft .	Police have arrested 15 individuals in connection with the thefts .	sing_plur	7576
We did not shut the theater .	We did not shut the theaters .	sing_plur	7577
The missionary had often met with hostility over the Vietnam War .	The missionaries had often met with hostility over the Vietnam War .	sing_plur	7579
He said the divider would be installed within the next two months .	He said the dividers would be installed within the next two months .	sing_plur	7580
We do not want to see them have the same problem we had .	We do not want to see them have the same problems we had .	sing_plur	7581
An early task is to address the physical problem .	An early task is to address the physical problems .	sing_plur	7582
They have " incurred ' the expense by attending .	They have " incurred ' the expenses by attending .	sing_plur	7583
Singer Randy Jackson of the Jackson is 46 .	Singer Randy Jackson of the Jacksons is 46 .	sing_plur	7587
Matta 's Buckeyes are nearly as inexperienced as the Gator .	Matta 's Buckeyes are nearly as inexperienced as the Gators .	sing_plur	7588
Technology is finally catching up to the promise .	Technology is finally catching up to the promises .	sing_plur	7589
A weak marriage 'll be torn apart by the pressure .	A weak marriage 'll be torn apart by the pressures .	sing_plur	7590
Sanofi-Aventis US issued a terse statement denying the woman 's allegations .	Sanofi-Aventis US issued a terse statement denying the women 's allegations .	sing_plur	7591
So he took the player off the field .	So he took the players off the field .	sing_plur	7592
We are working to understand the possible cause .	We are working to understand the possible causes .	sing_plur	7593
Adam Jones bunted the runner to second and third .	Adam Jones bunted the runners to second and third .	sing_plur	7594
Walking the line were writer-producers from some of the biggest hit on television .	Walking the line were writer-producers from some of the biggest hits on television .	sing_plur	7595
I thank the ambassador for joining this august group .	I thank the ambassadors for joining this august group .	sing_plur	7596
About 1,500 people fled the fire .	About 1,500 people fled the fires .	sing_plur	7600
Keep the positive interaction going after the holiday .	Keep the positive interaction going after the holidays .	sing_plur	7601
When the light came on , Mr. Wiener had tears in his eyes .	When the lights came on , Mr. Wiener had tears in his eyes .	sing_plur	7602
More than 40 people are hurt in the blast .	More than 40 people are hurt in the blasts .	sing_plur	7603
Even so , Scorsese almost did not make it into the movie .	Even so , Scorsese almost did not make it into the movies .	sing_plur	7604
But at least we discover the answer in the end .	But at least we discover the answers in the end .	sing_plur	7605
Of the premise tested , 2,199 were off-licences and 484 were pubs .	Of the premises tested , 2,199 were off-licences and 484 were pubs .	sing_plur	7606
The Saemmul Church has other issues related to the kidnapping .	The Saemmul Church has other issues related to the kidnappings .	sing_plur	7607
The helo circled , two dipped and then set down .	The helos circled , two dipped and then set down .	sing_plur	7609
Eastern Time on that day to discuss the quarterly result .	Eastern Time on that day to discuss the quarterly results .	sing_plur	7610
Wait until the commander on the ground can report their progress .	Wait until the commanders on the ground can report their progress .	sing_plur	7611
STATUS The residence went on sale last week .	STATUS The residences went on sale last week .	sing_plur	7613
They are the criminal .	They are the criminals .	sing_plur	7614
They are the emotion of the character .	They are the emotion of the characters .	sing_plur	7616
Eyewitnesses said Hamas gunmen roamed the street later and started detaining protesters .	Eyewitnesses said Hamas gunmen roamed the streets later and started detaining protesters .	sing_plur	7617
The result for the quarters presented above have not been audited or reviewed .	The results for the quarters presented above have not been audited or reviewed .	sing_plur	7619
He first hosted the Oscar in 2006 .	He first hosted the Oscars in 2006 .	sing_plur	7621
I appreciate Japan 's participation in the six-party talk .	I appreciate Japan 's participation in the six-party talks .	sing_plur	7622
These loans are not reflected in the non-performing asset .	These loans are not reflected in the non-performing assets .	sing_plur	7623
The company took a more low-profile approach after the discussions , she said .	The companies took a more low-profile approach after the discussions , she said .	sing_plur	7624
It was the second of two straight fourth-quarter touchdowns for the Steeler .	It was the second of two straight fourth-quarter touchdowns for the Steelers .	sing_plur	7625
There is just something completely different about playing under the light .	There is just something completely different about playing under the lights .	sing_plur	7627
( EST ) that day to review the result .	( EST ) that day to review the results .	sing_plur	7628
Rank-and-file members are not authorized to speak to the medium .	Rank-and-file members are not authorized to speak to the media .	sing_plur	7629
Glaxo disputes the finding .	Glaxo disputes the findings .	sing_plur	7631
MicroPlace connects investors with micro-finance organizations in the various country .	MicroPlace connects investors with micro-finance organizations in the various countries .	sing_plur	7633
The report could not immediately be independently verified .	The reports could not immediately be independently verified .	sing_plur	7634
They have become the lapdog of the MoveOn.Org machine .	They have become the lapdogs of the MoveOn.Org machine .	sing_plur	7636
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because they were discussing internal deliberations .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were discussing internal deliberations .	sing_plur	7639
The girl had never met , but they looked like sisters .	The girls had never met , but they looked like sisters .	sing_plur	7640
The commission oversees the dock and certifies waterfront workers .	The commission oversees the docks and certifies waterfront workers .	sing_plur	7641
HotChalk is focused on improving the life of teachers .	HotChalk is focused on improving the lives of teachers .	sing_plur	7642
His eight turnovers have led to 45 points by the opponent .	His eight turnovers have led to 45 points by the opponents .	sing_plur	7643
But the medium would not have it .	But the media would not have it .	sing_plur	7646
You have to be on the right part of the green .	You have to be on the right parts of the green .	sing_plur	7648
The bean would be semi-hard and the franks rock solid .	The beans would be semi-hard and the franks rock solid .	sing_plur	7649
Holzer made the final cut and sequenced the quotes .	Holzer made the final cuts and sequenced the quotes .	sing_plur	7651
The Hall has caused its own problems over the year .	The Hall has caused its own problems over the years .	sing_plur	7652
Vietnamese are the ultimate chatter .	Vietnamese are the ultimate chatters .	sing_plur	7653
Finding out who owns the bus is not easy .	Finding out who owns the buses is not easy .	sing_plur	7655
But Ethiopia has dismissed the claim as a fabrication .	But Ethiopia has dismissed the claims as a fabrication .	sing_plur	7657
I do not agree with the demand of the teachers .	I do not agree with the demands of the teachers .	sing_plur	7658
But there is no reason for the anti-whaling nation to back down .	But there is no reason for the anti-whaling nations to back down .	sing_plur	7659
Oats said the same official accused of racial discrimination hired Baldwin .	Oats said the same officials accused of racial discrimination hired Baldwin .	sing_plur	7660
The Wizard averaged 104.3 last season with essentially the same lineup .	The Wizards averaged 104.3 last season with essentially the same lineup .	sing_plur	7661
He had a mixed review from the player .	He had a mixed review from the players .	sing_plur	7663
Separating the sex in public schools has mixed reviews .	Separating the sexes in public schools has mixed reviews .	sing_plur	7664
Mr. Ross said he was aware of the pitfall .	Mr. Ross said he was aware of the pitfalls .	sing_plur	7666
The killing stemmed from a gang initiation .	The killings stemmed from a gang initiation .	sing_plur	7667
The rat have fans .	The rats have fans .	sing_plur	7670
, said the company had no comment on the arrest .	, said the company had no comment on the arrests .	sing_plur	7672
There is no reason why the same team should lose every year .	There is no reason why the same teams should lose every year .	sing_plur	7673
Police have not disclosed the identity of the two dead cavers .	Police have not disclosed the identities of the two dead cavers .	sing_plur	7676
Museum officials tipped off the police , who seized the work .	Museum officials tipped off the police , who seized the works .	sing_plur	7680
He calls the accusation against her ridiculous .	He calls the accusations against her ridiculous .	sing_plur	7681
Top universities find it hard to distinguish between the best candidate .	Top universities find it hard to distinguish between the best candidates .	sing_plur	7682
The critic said the ads were overly negative .	The critics said the ads were overly negative .	sing_plur	7683
These are the guy .	These are the guys .	sing_plur	7684
She said the family were told to expect the worst several time .	She said the family were told to expect the worst several times .	sing_plur	7687
We have spotted several ourselves as we have travelled along the river .	We have spotted several ourselves as we have travelled along the rivers .	sing_plur	7689
Kuoni ( 01306 747001 , www.kuoni.co.uk ) has holidays in the Maldive .	Kuoni ( 01306 747001 , www.kuoni.co.uk ) has holidays in the Maldives .	sing_plur	7692
Talk about your arrangements before the visit and make the necessary preparation .	Talk about your arrangements before the visit and make the necessary preparations .	sing_plur	7694
The protester said they should have been charged with a hate crime .	The protesters said they should have been charged with a hate crime .	sing_plur	7695
Evelyn had difficulties with the neighbour , he said .	Evelyn had difficulties with the neighbours , he said .	sing_plur	7696
The parallel may not seem all that obvious this week .	The parallels may not seem all that obvious this week .	sing_plur	7698
Negotiations for the return of the territory began immediately .	Negotiations for the return of the territories began immediately .	sing_plur	7703
The team split the season series 9-all .	The teams split the season series 9-all .	sing_plur	7704
The man said they mistook the cockpit door for the bathroom .	The men said they mistook the cockpit door for the bathroom .	sing_plur	7705
It was the only case announced during the championship .	It was the only case announced during the championships .	sing_plur	7706
It provides a common scientific baseline for the political talk .	It provides a common scientific baseline for the political talks .	sing_plur	7707
We talked about the challenge ahead , and we prayed .	We talked about the challenges ahead , and we prayed .	sing_plur	7711
Some of the statement included herein involve forward-looking information .	Some of the statements included herein involve forward-looking information .	sing_plur	7712
We are increasing Iraqi and American money being invested in the province .	We are increasing Iraqi and American money being invested in the provinces .	sing_plur	7713
But success for antiabortion laws has been more elusive in the court .	But success for antiabortion laws has been more elusive in the courts .	sing_plur	7714
Many of the mourner threw petals toward the ambulance .	Many of the mourners threw petals toward the ambulance .	sing_plur	7715
Now you have to get people to the poll .	Now you have to get people to the polls .	sing_plur	7716
Andy Warhol : Gee , we believe the same thing .	Andy Warhol : Gee , we believe the same things .	sing_plur	7718
Peer panels in other major television markets judge the entry .	Peer panels in other major television markets judge the entries .	sing_plur	7719
We keep making the big play .	We keep making the big plays .	sing_plur	7720
There were two in the car at one entrance .	There were two in the cars at one entrance .	sing_plur	7722
Actually , the national team never made the final .	Actually , the national team never made the finals .	sing_plur	7723
Actual results may differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statement .	Actual results may differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	7724
Shouts of injustice fill the small-town street of Jena , La .	Shouts of injustice fill the small-town streets of Jena , La .	sing_plur	7725
Steve Blake had 11 points for the Blazer .	Steve Blake had 11 points for the Blazers .	sing_plur	7726
But no sooner had it resumed flying than the leak returned .	But no sooner had it resumed flying than the leaks returned .	sing_plur	7729
But plenty of people keep and use the hope-in-a-jar remedy .	But plenty of people keep and use the hope-in-a-jar remedies .	sing_plur	7730
But despite the difference , Giuliani regularly defends the White House .	But despite the differences , Giuliani regularly defends the White House .	sing_plur	7731
Despite the threat , she insisted on coming home as scheduled .	Despite the threats , she insisted on coming home as scheduled .	sing_plur	7732
The prime minister said he had nothing but praise for the armed force .	The prime minister said he had nothing but praise for the armed forces .	sing_plur	7733
" The girl hugged her and said , ' Come on .	" The girls hugged her and said , ' Come on .	sing_plur	7737
The fund will only be accessible to club members .	The funds will only be accessible to club members .	sing_plur	7738
The Afghan government relies on nearly 50,000 international soldiers to fight the rebel .	The Afghan government relies on nearly 50,000 international soldiers to fight the rebels .	sing_plur	7739
Yes , the NFL has changed the rule .	Yes , the NFL has changed the rules .	sing_plur	7740
But Cummings earned his credibility on the street .	But Cummings earned his credibility on the streets .	sing_plur	7742
11 Democratic primary , the source said .	11 Democratic primary , the sources said .	sing_plur	7746
The driver continued on , but not on speaking terms .	The drivers continued on , but not on speaking terms .	sing_plur	7752
Or take a look at the attitude toward foreign companies .	Or take a look at the attitudes toward foreign companies .	sing_plur	7754
I feel great with the decision I took .	I feel great with the decisions I took .	sing_plur	7755
Delgado said he hoped to return before the playoff .	Delgado said he hoped to return before the playoffs .	sing_plur	7757
He would not reveal the identity of the staff .	He would not reveal the identities of the staff .	sing_plur	7758
Scores consolation win with Anna Kournikova in the double .	Scores consolation win with Anna Kournikova in the doubles .	sing_plur	7759
The ingredient must be top-notch .	The ingredients must be top-notch .	sing_plur	7761
help train police in the Ua .	help train police in the UAE .	sing_plur	7762
The Celtic acquired both Garnett and Allen in trades during the summer .	The Celtics acquired both Garnett and Allen in trades during the summer .	sing_plur	7763
The official replied that there were many competing priorities .	The officials replied that there were many competing priorities .	sing_plur	7764
A court spokesman gave no indication when the execution would be carried out .	A court spokesman gave no indication when the executions would be carried out .	sing_plur	7766
Giuliani joked about printing Clinton 's picture on the bond .	Giuliani joked about printing Clinton 's picture on the bonds .	sing_plur	7768
The charity has denied it planned to sell the child for adoption .	The charity has denied it planned to sell the children for adoption .	sing_plur	7771
The Cubs , Phillies and Angels were in the playoff .	The Cubs , Phillies and Angels were in the playoffs .	sing_plur	7772
Roman and then Celtic coins later followed the same tradition .	Roman and then Celtic coins later followed the same traditions .	sing_plur	7773
" " We are going to put beauty back into the visual art .	" " We are going to put beauty back into the visual arts .	sing_plur	7774
By fall , the compromise grew more serious .	By fall , the compromises grew more serious .	sing_plur	7776
" Obviously these aren 't the rosiest time , " he said .	" Obviously these aren 't the rosiest times , " he said .	sing_plur	7778
Even in the best family , something like this can happen .	Even in the best families , something like this can happen .	sing_plur	7779
The poorer performer will be affected the most .	The poorer performers will be affected the most .	sing_plur	7780
Dungy said the rule about videotaping are clear .	Dungy said the rules about videotaping are clear .	sing_plur	7781
A family friend shot at the dog to scare them away .	A family friend shot at the dogs to scare them away .	sing_plur	7782
The second was to encircle the city .	The second was to encircle the cities .	sing_plur	7783
He came in ranked second in the major .	He came in ranked second in the majors .	sing_plur	7784
The quake hit an area of many large copper mines .	The quakes hit an area of many large copper mines .	sing_plur	7786
The shooting unleashed a widespread public outcry against racist violence .	The shootings unleashed a widespread public outcry against racist violence .	sing_plur	7789
The neoconservative , Piereson says in summation , are Kennedy 's true legatees .	The neoconservatives , Piereson says in summation , are Kennedy 's true legatees .	sing_plur	7790
Raincoats and umbrellas were brought back out of the cupboard .	Raincoats and umbrellas were brought back out of the cupboards .	sing_plur	7791
The woman hid from the gunman and escaped unharmed .	The woman hid from the gunmen and escaped unharmed .	sing_plur	7793
He refused to comment further on the charge announced Tuesday .	He refused to comment further on the charges announced Tuesday .	sing_plur	7794
Drain the potato and reserve .	Drain the potatoes and reserve .	sing_plur	7798
Local authorities released little information on the killing .	Local authorities released little information on the killings .	sing_plur	7799
To be honest , I like the doubt .	To be honest , I like the doubts .	sing_plur	7802
But the commission staff proposal only heightened the concern of the Legislature .	But the commission staff proposal only heightened the concerns of the Legislature .	sing_plur	7806
But we can still expect more unsettling creativity from the underdog .	But we can still expect more unsettling creativity from the underdogs .	sing_plur	7808
The officer began mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and CPR .	The officers began mouth-to-mouth resuscitation and CPR .	sing_plur	7811
Mortgage credit has frozen up for all but the safest loan .	Mortgage credit has frozen up for all but the safest loans .	sing_plur	7812
the state did not win the Civil War .	the states did not win the Civil War .	sing_plur	7814
But nobody has a perspective like the singer themselves .	But nobody has a perspective like the singers themselves .	sing_plur	7815
The event is sponsored by the Culinary Historian of New York .	The event is sponsored by the Culinary Historians of New York .	sing_plur	7816
The team set a finals scoring record for combined points in a half .	The teams set a finals scoring record for combined points in a half .	sing_plur	7818
Some of the suit sported codpieces .	Some of the suits sported codpieces .	sing_plur	7821
So apparently the only people getting rich are the monk .	So apparently the only people getting rich are the monks .	sing_plur	7822
The wildfire claimed at least two lives .	The wildfires claimed at least two lives .	sing_plur	7824
Just so you can wear both of the ring .	Just so you can wear both of the rings .	sing_plur	7825
Hospital officials are investigating the circumstance surrounding Ms Gough 's death .	Hospital officials are investigating the circumstances surrounding Ms Gough 's death .	sing_plur	7826
But advocates of engagement have accused critics of trying to sabotage the talk .	But advocates of engagement have accused critics of trying to sabotage the talks .	sing_plur	7828
Fukuda did not say how the country would cooperate .	Fukuda did not say how the countries would cooperate .	sing_plur	7829
Knowing the answer to these questions can help .	Knowing the answers to these questions can help .	sing_plur	7830
" We are unprepared , " state the document .	" We are unprepared , " state the documents .	sing_plur	7835
There have been major changes in the ranking this year .	There have been major changes in the rankings this year .	sing_plur	7839
But he also has a private mansion on the outskirt of the capital .	But he also has a private mansion on the outskirts of the capital .	sing_plur	7842
You can sprinkle toasted sesame seeds on the wing .	You can sprinkle toasted sesame seeds on the wings .	sing_plur	7843
The designer flew there several times to test the product .	The designers flew there several times to test the product .	sing_plur	7844
The Hunchback of Notre Detroit , if you will .	The Hunchbacks of Notre Detroit , if you will .	sing_plur	7847
See Note 2 to the interim consolidated financial statement for further details .	See Note 2 to the interim consolidated financial statements for further details .	sing_plur	7851
One controller trigger picks up objects and the other launch them .	One controller trigger picks up objects and the other launches them .	sing_plur	7853
You have to limit the damage too .	You have to limit the damages too .	sing_plur	7855
It was unclear whether the lawyer would continue discussions elsewhere Thursday .	It was unclear whether the lawyers would continue discussions elsewhere Thursday .	sing_plur	7856
During the meeting , they reviewed the latest development in Lebanon .	During the meeting , they reviewed the latest developments in Lebanon .	sing_plur	7857
And the woman who paved the way .	And the women who paved the way .	sing_plur	7859
The Iraqi had only two hours of electricity .	The Iraqis had only two hours of electricity .	sing_plur	7861
The defendant already had it .	The defendants already had it .	sing_plur	7862
The Santa Ana winds are fanning the flame in Southern California .	The Santa Ana winds are fanning the flames in Southern California .	sing_plur	7863
Last week , notices went out to the landlord .	Last week , notices went out to the landlords .	sing_plur	7864
A Total Of 75,000 Fishing Vessels Were Returned To The Port .	A Total Of 75,000 Fishing Vessels Were Returned To The Ports .	sing_plur	7865
Kurds do not want the job .	Kurds do not want the jobs .	sing_plur	7866
" We are not getting involved in the politic , " he said .	" We are not getting involved in the politics , " he said .	sing_plur	7867
Time is a factor in determining the credit , as well .	Time is a factor in determining the credits , as well .	sing_plur	7869
The Tory , strangely , disagreed .	The Tories , strangely , disagreed .	sing_plur	7870
The local forest felled for its construction have never recovered .	The local forests felled for its construction have never recovered .	sing_plur	7871
The political development came as bloodshed continued to convulse Iraq .	The political developments came as bloodshed continued to convulse Iraq .	sing_plur	7873
The governor sanctioned an appeal .	The governors sanctioned an appeal .	sing_plur	7874
You cannot ask for any more than that from the player .	You cannot ask for any more than that from the players .	sing_plur	7876
Now there is a new way to hook up with the neighbour .	Now there is a new way to hook up with the neighbours .	sing_plur	7877
And they are not the only one .	And they are not the only ones .	sing_plur	7879
The Syrian never said anything about nukes , their delegation insisted .	The Syrians never said anything about nukes , their delegation insisted .	sing_plur	7880
In the year since he retired from football Crawford 's been busy .	In the years since he retired from football Crawford 's been busy .	sing_plur	7881
McGinest said these two rivals might meet in the playoff .	McGinest said these two rivals might meet in the playoffs .	sing_plur	7882
I could not work the farm because I am allergic to the cow .	I could not work the farm because I am allergic to the cows .	sing_plur	7883
We have have some great battles over the year .	We have have some great battles over the years .	sing_plur	7884
Last season , every team that started 3-0 made the playoff .	Last season , every team that started 3-0 made the playoffs .	sing_plur	7885
The growing chill does not seem to deter the native .	The growing chill does not seem to deter the natives .	sing_plur	7886
In late September , American auctioned off the loan .	In late September , American auctioned off the loans .	sing_plur	7887
But it is not the only reason for sticking to the handout .	But it is not the only reason for sticking to the handouts .	sing_plur	7888
Police have said the call stopped after Stewart 's arrest .	Police have said the calls stopped after Stewart 's arrest .	sing_plur	7889
As for the man playing gotcha , I am not so sure .	As for the men playing gotcha , I am not so sure .	sing_plur	7890
There has been no confirmation of the figure from Iraqi authorities .	There has been no confirmation of the figures from Iraqi authorities .	sing_plur	7893
State troopers are looking for the culprit .	State troopers are looking for the culprits .	sing_plur	7894
Police have begun an investigation into the circumstance surrounding his death .	Police have begun an investigation into the circumstances surrounding his death .	sing_plur	7897
The doctor actually installed a defibrillator into my chest .	The doctors actually installed a defibrillator into my chest .	sing_plur	7900
The RNC voted 121-9 Thursday to impose the penalty .	The RNC voted 121-9 Thursday to impose the penalties .	sing_plur	7902
However , the bill only approves the fund .	However , the bill only approves the funds .	sing_plur	7903
The provisional agreement was then sent back to the government for approval .	The provisional agreement was then sent back to the governments for approval .	sing_plur	7904
The Hamas Interior Ministry promised to bring the killer to justice .	The Hamas Interior Ministry promised to bring the killers to justice .	sing_plur	7905
The technical side is the responsibility of the relevant institution .	The technical side is the responsibility of the relevant institutions .	sing_plur	7906
The minister understands the concern about the costs .	The minister understands the concerns about the costs .	sing_plur	7907
Chris Young homered for the Diamondback .	Chris Young homered for the Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	7911
He worked the source over the phone .	He worked the sources over the phone .	sing_plur	7912
The student also held a march for equality at the school .	The students also held a march for equality at the school .	sing_plur	7913
The Illini moved back in the ranking at No. 20 .	The Illini moved back in the rankings at No. 20 .	sing_plur	7915
Gone are the day of long line-ups outside industry conferences and exhibitions .	Gone are the days of long line-ups outside industry conferences and exhibitions .	sing_plur	7916
Brown explained the different scenario of what could happen .	Brown explained the different scenarios of what could happen .	sing_plur	7917
" Everyone has heard the rumor , " Schilling said .	" Everyone has heard the rumors , " Schilling said .	sing_plur	7918
Then , they commission a study that showed the ineffectiveness of the program .	Then , they commission a study that showed the ineffectiveness of the programs .	sing_plur	7919
Creativity and inventiveness are the key differentiator .	Creativity and inventiveness are the key differentiators .	sing_plur	7923
On nine occasions , Lozano grabbed the woman 's bottoms .	On nine occasions , Lozano grabbed the women 's bottoms .	sing_plur	7924
You also see the track of fishing trawlers .	You also see the tracks of fishing trawlers .	sing_plur	7925
You might as , just throw the kid away .	You might as , just throw the kids away .	sing_plur	7926
He added there would be more discussions during the day concerning the candidate .	He added there would be more discussions during the day concerning the candidates .	sing_plur	7927
But he added there was currently very little information on the consequence .	But he added there was currently very little information on the consequences .	sing_plur	7929
First were the borrower .	First were the borrowers .	sing_plur	7933
She testified that she signed the return without reading them .	She testified that she signed the returns without reading them .	sing_plur	7934
Three-quarters of the woman said they would choose the teacher .	Three-quarters of the women said they would choose the teacher .	sing_plur	7935
Iran and Pakistan have protested the drawing .	Iran and Pakistan have protested the drawings .	sing_plur	7936
The game will be a magnet for China 's critics .	The games will be a magnet for China 's critics .	sing_plur	7937
The incident allegedly occurred in the late 1990s .	The incidents allegedly occurred in the late 1990s .	sing_plur	7938
Press on the solid to extract the juices .	Press on the solids to extract the juices .	sing_plur	7939
They used steel wool to scrub rust off the rim .	They used steel wool to scrub rust off the rims .	sing_plur	7940
Then there are the culprit inside the room itself .	Then there are the culprits inside the room itself .	sing_plur	7943
I got my doors and locks from the Hasid .	I got my doors and locks from the Hasids .	sing_plur	7944
There may not be many well-paid jobs in the occupied territory .	There may not be many well-paid jobs in the occupied territories .	sing_plur	7945
Arnie uttered the immortal word in The Terminator .	Arnie uttered the immortal words in The Terminator .	sing_plur	7947
The decision to keep rates on hold had been expected in recent days .	The decisions to keep rates on hold had been expected in recent days .	sing_plur	7948
The gunman shot the first son , and he died almost immediately .	The gunmen shot the first son , and he died almost immediately .	sing_plur	7949
Late Wednesday , officials announced the name of the dead .	Late Wednesday , officials announced the names of the dead .	sing_plur	7950
The monk had been beaten up with the back of rifles .	The monks had been beaten up with the back of rifles .	sing_plur	7952
Americans spend more than $ 300 million a year on the medication .	Americans spend more than $ 300 million a year on the medications .	sing_plur	7953
Unless , of course , he pays off the judge .	Unless , of course , he pays off the judges .	sing_plur	7955
A Statement Issued By Berri 's Office Said They Reviewed The Current Development .	A Statement Issued By Berri 's Office Said They Reviewed The Current Developments .	sing_plur	7958
Evading the pirate is only the beginning .	Evading the pirates is only the beginning .	sing_plur	7960
The congressional hearing focused mostly on trafficking overseas .	The congressional hearings focused mostly on trafficking overseas .	sing_plur	7961
Make the plastic bag recyclable .	Make the plastic bags recyclable .	sing_plur	7962
Those must be the same guys who read Playboy for the article .	Those must be the same guys who read Playboy for the articles .	sing_plur	7963
You can also go door to door and make inquiries of the occupant .	You can also go door to door and make inquiries of the occupants .	sing_plur	7964
Robertson said the largest distributor would be targeted .	Robertson said the largest distributors would be targeted .	sing_plur	7965
The steward must be in place by March 1 .	The stewards must be in place by March 1 .	sing_plur	7967
That is why I do not look to the camera .	That is why I do not look to the cameras .	sing_plur	7968
The refugee began crossing Monday into the small Ugandan border town of Bunagana .	The refugees began crossing Monday into the small Ugandan border town of Bunagana .	sing_plur	7970
It was Panthar , and the cow .	It was Panthar , and the cows .	sing_plur	7971
He denies the charge .	He denies the charges .	sing_plur	7973
" " The patients enjoy the costume .	" " The patients enjoy the costumes .	sing_plur	7974
At least 21 candidates have been killed during the run-up to the election .	At least 21 candidates have been killed during the run-up to the elections .	sing_plur	7977
and we have seen the result .	and we have seen the results .	sing_plur	7979
The clip will be dominated by Anderson .	The clips will be dominated by Anderson .	sing_plur	7980
The meeting also discussed the economic implication of climate change .	The meeting also discussed the economic implications of climate change .	sing_plur	7982
Eventually both went down to help the victim .	Eventually both went down to help the victims .	sing_plur	7983
gouge me at the pump .	gouge me at the pumps .	sing_plur	7984
Scaffolds cover the facade of thousands of buildings .	Scaffolds cover the facades of thousands of buildings .	sing_plur	7988
The Red ended the night early for Brewers starter Dave Bush .	The Reds ended the night early for Brewers starter Dave Bush .	sing_plur	7990
In others , the crew had to cut down the mast .	In others , the crew had to cut down the masts .	sing_plur	7991
Patients then administer the drug themselves .	Patients then administer the drugs themselves .	sing_plur	7993
The pilot filmed the entire sequence .	The pilots filmed the entire sequence .	sing_plur	7994
On the tape , Baker tries to defend him .	On the tapes , Baker tries to defend him .	sing_plur	7995
The judge will like it because it is rare .	The judges will like it because it is rare .	sing_plur	7996
The secret is perhaps the visitor-friendly location chosen for the races .	The secret is perhaps the visitor-friendly locations chosen for the races .	sing_plur	7997
I am grateful we are meeting the need of people .	I am grateful we are meeting the needs of people .	sing_plur	7998
Authorities have not released the name of the victims .	Authorities have not released the names of the victims .	sing_plur	7999
We need the public to get behind the force .	We need the public to get behind the forces .	sing_plur	8000
Syria has denied any involvement in the killing .	Syria has denied any involvement in the killings .	sing_plur	8002
All he needs are invitations to the elite event to improve further .	All he needs are invitations to the elite events to improve further .	sing_plur	8003
Frightened residents stood in the street .	Frightened residents stood in the streets .	sing_plur	8004
There is no better feeling than catching one on the screw .	There is no better feeling than catching one on the screws .	sing_plur	8005
The hijacker fled after Mr. Dube crashed his Chrysler into a tree .	The hijackers fled after Mr. Dube crashed his Chrysler into a tree .	sing_plur	8008
He took the ace and ran the diamond .	He took the ace and ran the diamonds .	sing_plur	8010
The race for the final is reaching a decisive phase .	The race for the finals is reaching a decisive phase .	sing_plur	8011
Two guards were killed in the shooting , police said .	Two guards were killed in the shootings , police said .	sing_plur	8013
Maybe the food in the cafeteria lacks the proper nutrient .	Maybe the food in the cafeteria lacks the proper nutrients .	sing_plur	8014
I think it just sends an awful message for the young girl .	I think it just sends an awful message for the young girls .	sing_plur	8015
The research is reported in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The research is reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	8017
The company reported that premiums for families increased 6.1 percent , on average .	The companies reported that premiums for families increased 6.1 percent , on average .	sing_plur	8018
Orang-utans are native to the forest of Malaysia and Indonesia .	Orang-utans are native to the forests of Malaysia and Indonesia .	sing_plur	8019
That is where the heart is and , ultimately , the profit .	That is where the heart is and , ultimately , the profits .	sing_plur	8022
FansPoll.com keeps track of the score .	FansPoll.com keeps track of the scores .	sing_plur	8023
The other finisher also would move up a spot .	The other finishers also would move up a spot .	sing_plur	8024
In June , Northwest put two children on the wrong flight in Memphis .	In June , Northwest put two children on the wrong flights in Memphis .	sing_plur	8025
Now millions stand to lose the home they could not afford .	Now millions stand to lose the homes they could not afford .	sing_plur	8029
Police are linking the incident and urged witnesses to come forward .	Police are linking the incidents and urged witnesses to come forward .	sing_plur	8032
The Red confirmed yesterday that Baker will become their next manager .	The Reds confirmed yesterday that Baker will become their next manager .	sing_plur	8033
William and Harry are her ambassadors , championing the cause she supported .	William and Harry are her ambassadors , championing the causes she supported .	sing_plur	8034
St. Patrick 's and Trinity bought the cross from the Singer Co .	St. Patrick 's and Trinity bought the crosses from the Singer Co .	sing_plur	8035
The soldier detained nine Palestinians for questioning , the army said .	The soldiers detained nine Palestinians for questioning , the army said .	sing_plur	8036
The Yankees and the Red Sox are the biggest name in baseball .	The Yankees and the Red Sox are the biggest names in baseball .	sing_plur	8037
The Duck took advantage of another Brink turnover late in the quarter .	The Ducks took advantage of another Brink turnover late in the quarter .	sing_plur	8038
The government has 10 days to indict the man .	The government has 10 days to indict the men .	sing_plur	8040
" We import the knife from Sicily , " he said .	" We import the knives from Sicily , " he said .	sing_plur	8041
The Anglican simply got there earlier than most .	The Anglicans simply got there earlier than most .	sing_plur	8042
For Macy 's , the stake could not be higher .	For Macy 's , the stakes could not be higher .	sing_plur	8044
He led the Jet on a surprising run to the playoffs .	He led the Jets on a surprising run to the playoffs .	sing_plur	8046
The rule will be effective February 2008 .	The rules will be effective February 2008 .	sing_plur	8051
It is easy to be overcome by the emotion .	It is easy to be overcome by the emotions .	sing_plur	8052
The Duck fell three spots after a tough 31-24 loss to Cal .	The Ducks fell three spots after a tough 31-24 loss to Cal .	sing_plur	8057
His point average leads the Rocket .	His point average leads the Rockets .	sing_plur	8058
The Giuliani campaign swiftly linked the remark to Mrs. Clinton .	The Giuliani campaign swiftly linked the remarks to Mrs. Clinton .	sing_plur	8060
Consider the lobe at the front of the brain .	Consider the lobes at the front of the brain .	sing_plur	8061
Several factors combined to send prices falling across the different market .	Several factors combined to send prices falling across the different markets .	sing_plur	8062
The report got a mixed reception in the market .	The report got a mixed reception in the markets .	sing_plur	8063
These are the folk who will be cutting the checks .	These are the folks who will be cutting the checks .	sing_plur	8065
Japan and Russia are also involved in the talk .	Japan and Russia are also involved in the talks .	sing_plur	8066
All five have consistently denied the allegation made against them .	All five have consistently denied the allegations made against them .	sing_plur	8067
University leaders praised the more academic bias of the latest diploma .	University leaders praised the more academic bias of the latest diplomas .	sing_plur	8068
The former inmate also found their vertically striped grayish pajamas to be unfashionable .	The former inmates also found their vertically striped grayish pajamas to be unfashionable .	sing_plur	8069
The witness said more than 10 of the trapped may be critically injured .	The witnesses said more than 10 of the trapped may be critically injured .	sing_plur	8070
The actual future result of Pacific Ethanol could differ from those statements .	The actual future results of Pacific Ethanol could differ from those statements .	sing_plur	8071
It also offers them a share in the reward .	It also offers them a share in the rewards .	sing_plur	8073
Witnesses said the monk recited prayers but refrained from shouting slogans .	Witnesses said the monks recited prayers but refrained from shouting slogans .	sing_plur	8076
Lawmakers are expected to vote on the proposal early next year .	Lawmakers are expected to vote on the proposals early next year .	sing_plur	8077
They just blame the medium instead .	They just blame the media instead .	sing_plur	8078
Then I will remember the time we had together .	Then I will remember the times we had together .	sing_plur	8079
All of the child lost weight during the initial treatment phase .	All of the children lost weight during the initial treatment phase .	sing_plur	8080
The store will still be big , averaging about 90,000 square feet .	The stores will still be big , averaging about 90,000 square feet .	sing_plur	8081
We are the Eskimo / Hullo !	We are the Eskimos / Hullo !	sing_plur	8084
Take the public finance .	Take the public finances .	sing_plur	8085
He offers a quick jab at the critic .	He offers a quick jab at the critics .	sing_plur	8086
Letterman frequently joked about Winfrey through the year .	Letterman frequently joked about Winfrey through the years .	sing_plur	8087
Forget the pleasantry .	Forget the pleasantries .	sing_plur	8090
I represent the Terrans , the last remnant of the human race .	I represent the Terrans , the last remnants of the human race .	sing_plur	8092
He has a song in the Ukrainian chart .	He has a song in the Ukrainian charts .	sing_plur	8094
Laws that protect children from abusers bear the name of young victims .	Laws that protect children from abusers bear the names of young victims .	sing_plur	8095
He has been in the wing for some time .	He has been in the wings for some time .	sing_plur	8096
They know what the wind can do .	They know what the winds can do .	sing_plur	8097
The estate re " truly innocent , " Brydon said .	The estates re " truly innocent , " Brydon said .	sing_plur	8098
In exchange , it keeps an undisclosed share of the revenue .	In exchange , it keeps an undisclosed share of the revenues .	sing_plur	8099
But its importance has declined with the demise of the railway .	But its importance has declined with the demise of the railways .	sing_plur	8100
The signer of the Declaration of Independence had chutzpah .	The signers of the Declaration of Independence had chutzpah .	sing_plur	8101
So he bought the company back from the shareholder .	So he bought the company back from the shareholders .	sing_plur	8102
The revelation about Durham led a medical specialist to question Astin 's actions .	The revelations about Durham led a medical specialist to question Astin 's actions .	sing_plur	8104
Remember the name : Vern Den Herder .	Remember the names : Vern Den Herder .	sing_plur	8106
In addition , movement to approved slaughterhouses outside the zone will be allowed .	In addition , movement to approved slaughterhouses outside the zones will be allowed .	sing_plur	8108
An important factor in choosing a ship is the other passenger .	An important factor in choosing a ship is the other passengers .	sing_plur	8110
That weekend , I myself was scared of the headline .	That weekend , I myself was scared of the headlines .	sing_plur	8113
Now is the time to scout new areas prior to the season .	Now is the time to scout new areas prior to the seasons .	sing_plur	8115
GET IT HERE Don 't bring the kid after dark .	GET IT HERE Don 't bring the kids after dark .	sing_plur	8116
A number of passengers seemed unfazed by the mysterious fire .	A number of passengers seemed unfazed by the mysterious fires .	sing_plur	8117
The turnover kept it close until the final quarter .	The turnovers kept it close until the final quarter .	sing_plur	8118
The bug will always find a way to thwart the next antibiotic .	The bugs will always find a way to thwart the next antibiotic .	sing_plur	8119
The nap included both REM and deep sleep .	The naps included both REM and deep sleep .	sing_plur	8120
The team played a scoreless tie at Giants Stadium last Saturday .	The teams played a scoreless tie at Giants Stadium last Saturday .	sing_plur	8121
The noble of this country brought us .	The nobles of this country brought us .	sing_plur	8122
The victim included police officers who were guarding Mr Sherpao .	The victims included police officers who were guarding Mr Sherpao .	sing_plur	8124
The increase would be the first since 2001 .	The increases would be the first since 2001 .	sing_plur	8126
The alleged stolen item included " sports-related products " according to authorities .	The alleged stolen items included " sports-related products " according to authorities .	sing_plur	8128
And then there are the road .	And then there are the roads .	sing_plur	8130
Legal experts say the finding might represent the tip of the iceberg .	Legal experts say the findings might represent the tip of the iceberg .	sing_plur	8131
The ad , in particular , seemed to be working .	The ads , in particular , seemed to be working .	sing_plur	8132
" We all saw the bruise , " Silva said .	" We all saw the bruises , " Silva said .	sing_plur	8134
According to the professor , John is onto something .	According to the professors , John is onto something .	sing_plur	8135
So grizzlies and black bears are getting bolder , and raiding the city .	So grizzlies and black bears are getting bolder , and raiding the cities .	sing_plur	8137
Yi does not like the comparison to Yao .	Yi does not like the comparisons to Yao .	sing_plur	8139
The applicant had plans not to become huge , but merely less tiny .	The applicants had plans not to become huge , but merely less tiny .	sing_plur	8140
That includes the scandal that by now could have debilitated another presidency .	That includes the scandals that by now could have debilitated another presidency .	sing_plur	8141
Democrats then turned the table with a tongue-in-cheek stunt .	Democrats then turned the tables with a tongue-in-cheek stunt .	sing_plur	8145
But the banker should not be in too much of a hurry .	But the bankers should not be in too much of a hurry .	sing_plur	8146
As the year passed , however , his image suffered in some quarters .	As the years passed , however , his image suffered in some quarters .	sing_plur	8147
" He was in full compliance with the rule , " she said .	" He was in full compliance with the rules , " she said .	sing_plur	8148
The United States has invited about 40 countries to the talk .	The United States has invited about 40 countries to the talks .	sing_plur	8149
O 'Brien said she was unsure if the officer returned fire .	O 'Brien said she was unsure if the officers returned fire .	sing_plur	8150
Some cards fail to deliver the promised minute .	Some cards fail to deliver the promised minutes .	sing_plur	8151
The game also would have to be approved by the league .	The games also would have to be approved by the league .	sing_plur	8152
Greater Manchester Police are now trying to find the robber .	Greater Manchester Police are now trying to find the robbers .	sing_plur	8154
Researchers found the tactic changed depending on the individual .	Researchers found the tactics changed depending on the individual .	sing_plur	8156
Kaine eventually gave the panel the authority to see the record .	Kaine eventually gave the panel the authority to see the records .	sing_plur	8157
Unlike the current president , Gingrich reads the paper .	Unlike the current president , Gingrich reads the papers .	sing_plur	8158
But John McCardell , head of Choose Responsibility , dismissed the accusation .	But John McCardell , head of Choose Responsibility , dismissed the accusations .	sing_plur	8160
The fund raised will directly support the LRF 's research and programming .	The funds raised will directly support the LRF 's research and programming .	sing_plur	8161
Circa 1503 - Spanish sea captain Juan de Bermudez discovers the island .	Circa 1503 - Spanish sea captain Juan de Bermudez discovers the islands .	sing_plur	8162
The shadow played a little bit of a factor .	The shadows played a little bit of a factor .	sing_plur	8163
The next day the cops obtained search warrants for the house .	The next day the cops obtained search warrants for the houses .	sing_plur	8164
" " I am also mindful of the budgetary constraint .	" " I am also mindful of the budgetary constraints .	sing_plur	8167
The bank also enforces any default declaration by the lender .	The bank also enforces any default declaration by the lenders .	sing_plur	8170
Fletcher urged supporters to disregard the poll .	Fletcher urged supporters to disregard the polls .	sing_plur	8171
The detail on the lost discs would be sought-after by fraudsters .	The details on the lost discs would be sought-after by fraudsters .	sing_plur	8173
Burnham said recruits were not shown the trailer .	Burnham said recruits were not shown the trailers .	sing_plur	8174
Police are not looking for anyone else in connection with the death .	Police are not looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths .	sing_plur	8175
Cohen insisted upon the formality of his office .	Cohen insisted upon the formalities of his office .	sing_plur	8176
Then you will see football through the eye of a ten-year-old .	Then you will see football through the eyes of a ten-year-old .	sing_plur	8179
He has a 666-667 record in the minor .	He has a 666-667 record in the minors .	sing_plur	8180
I also invite you to join me online to chat with the author .	I also invite you to join me online to chat with the authors .	sing_plur	8181
He had vowed to find the owner .	He had vowed to find the owners .	sing_plur	8182
But many Republicans labeled the hearing a bust .	But many Republicans labeled the hearings a bust .	sing_plur	8183
The operation took place on Monday and Tuesday .	The operations took place on Monday and Tuesday .	sing_plur	8184
Our deepest thoughts and sympathies go to the family of both men .	Our deepest thoughts and sympathies go to the families of both men .	sing_plur	8185
Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland addresses the medium in Melbourne .	Cricket Australia chief executive James Sutherland addresses the media in Melbourne .	sing_plur	8187
They hunched over a laptop for hours , slaving over the word .	They hunched over a laptop for hours , slaving over the words .	sing_plur	8188
So , has the ex-president convinced the skeptic .	So , has the ex-president convinced the skeptics .	sing_plur	8190
The situation is further complicated by long-present splits among the rebel faction .	The situation is further complicated by long-present splits among the rebel factions .	sing_plur	8192
The occupant of the vehicle ran off .	The occupants of the vehicle ran off .	sing_plur	8193
Even people on the midway occasionally petted the shawled shoulder of strangers .	Even people on the midway occasionally petted the shawled shoulders of strangers .	sing_plur	8194
The heir won back a handful of acres .	The heirs won back a handful of acres .	sing_plur	8195
Mr. Toledo 's paintings enliven the wall .	Mr. Toledo 's paintings enliven the walls .	sing_plur	8196
I coveted pretty much everything else on the rack .	I coveted pretty much everything else on the racks .	sing_plur	8197
Billups thanked the fan from center court before the game .	Billups thanked the fans from center court before the game .	sing_plur	8198
" They are trying to survive , " he said of the vendor .	" They are trying to survive , " he said of the vendors .	sing_plur	8199
Many of the artist exhibited by the Walker became superstars .	Many of the artists exhibited by the Walker became superstars .	sing_plur	8202
A top immigration official down played the significance of the Russian March .	A top immigration official down played the significance of the Russian Marches .	sing_plur	8204
Back on the air Sunday , Pepper said she stood by the comment .	Back on the air Sunday , Pepper said she stood by the comments .	sing_plur	8205
The immunity deal has already delayed a criminal inquiry into the killing .	The immunity deal has already delayed a criminal inquiry into the killings .	sing_plur	8206
But for Andrew Goddard , changing the law is essential .	But for Andrew Goddard , changing the laws is essential .	sing_plur	8208
He uses the dog for subsistence and in village races .	He uses the dogs for subsistence and in village races .	sing_plur	8209
The ex-husband has denied the allegation .	The ex-husband has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	8211
You know the culprit .	You know the culprits .	sing_plur	8212
It will also include evidence from the officer who shot Mr de Menezes .	It will also include evidence from the officers who shot Mr de Menezes .	sing_plur	8214
The doom-monger certainly will not .	The doom-mongers certainly will not .	sing_plur	8215
Then the child broke a star-shaped piata and scrambled after the candy .	Then the children broke a star-shaped piata and scrambled after the candy .	sing_plur	8216
A rebel group asserted responsibility for the blast .	A rebel group asserted responsibility for the blasts .	sing_plur	8217
The OFT argues that this is reasonable in the circumstance .	The OFT argues that this is reasonable in the circumstances .	sing_plur	8222
The North Sea contains the biggest stock of cod in British waters .	The North Sea contains the biggest stocks of cod in British waters .	sing_plur	8223
Thompson , a senior , initially was angry about the allegation .	Thompson , a senior , initially was angry about the allegations .	sing_plur	8224
For the filmmaker , this has meant a more nuanced approach .	For the filmmakers , this has meant a more nuanced approach .	sing_plur	8225
Use the sea responsibly .	Use the seas responsibly .	sing_plur	8227
And the fan at Yankee Stadium certainly knew it , too .	And the fans at Yankee Stadium certainly knew it , too .	sing_plur	8229
We repaired the few minor item he discovered .	We repaired the few minor items he discovered .	sing_plur	8230
Local resident Erica Sarney is against the proposal .	Local resident Erica Sarney is against the proposals .	sing_plur	8232
The student had tried to " lynch " their adversaries , he said .	The students had tried to " lynch " their adversaries , he said .	sing_plur	8234
The criticism came from inspectors Estyn and a consultative body .	The criticisms came from inspectors Estyn and a consultative body .	sing_plur	8235
The graph shows the change in public spending since the 1960s .	The graph shows the changes in public spending since the 1960s .	sing_plur	8236
The club will also put in place a universal data sharing system .	The clubs will also put in place a universal data sharing system .	sing_plur	8237
She is reading the headline .	She is reading the headlines .	sing_plur	8239
Psychologists and social workers were immediately hired to visit the affected family .	Psychologists and social workers were immediately hired to visit the affected families .	sing_plur	8240
Michael Cuddyer grounded out with the base loaded to end it .	Michael Cuddyer grounded out with the bases loaded to end it .	sing_plur	8241
The option can be exercised between 2009 and 2014 .	The options can be exercised between 2009 and 2014 .	sing_plur	8242
Some of the missive also included confidential information .	Some of the missives also included confidential information .	sing_plur	8243
She and her colleagues report the finding in the medical journal Thorax .	She and her colleagues report the findings in the medical journal Thorax .	sing_plur	8246
In subdued language , he voiced the view of many Iraqis .	In subdued language , he voiced the views of many Iraqis .	sing_plur	8247
That will provide a competitive advantage to the Mexican station .	That will provide a competitive advantage to the Mexican stations .	sing_plur	8248
Prime Minister Jose Socrates also attended the talk .	Prime Minister Jose Socrates also attended the talks .	sing_plur	8250
Roadside bombs are the biggest killer of U.S. troops in Iraq .	Roadside bombs are the biggest killers of U.S. troops in Iraq .	sing_plur	8251
It can even be used around the eye .	It can even be used around the eyes .	sing_plur	8253
Until then , the guerrilla made demands and Ms. Palomino complied .	Until then , the guerrillas made demands and Ms. Palomino complied .	sing_plur	8255
He would not discuss specifics about the payment he received .	He would not discuss specifics about the payments he received .	sing_plur	8256
Excuse No. 2 : It is the cheeseburger .	Excuse No. 2 : It is the cheeseburgers .	sing_plur	8257
The medium is now part of the corporate establishment .	The media is now part of the corporate establishment .	sing_plur	8258
The firm has denied the charge .	The firm has denied the charges .	sing_plur	8261
We just have to wait for nature to ripen the apple .	We just have to wait for nature to ripen the apples .	sing_plur	8262
Our journey is to get to the playoff .	Our journey is to get to the playoffs .	sing_plur	8263
The doctor could not stop his internal bleeding .	The doctors could not stop his internal bleeding .	sing_plur	8264
Iraqi officials regularly report civilians killed in the raid .	Iraqi officials regularly report civilians killed in the raids .	sing_plur	8266
Gasoline and insurance are included in the rental cost .	Gasoline and insurance are included in the rental costs .	sing_plur	8267
Thompson and McCain lagged the other in both polls .	Thompson and McCain lagged the others in both polls .	sing_plur	8269
" Our goal is to get into the playoff , " Manning said .	" Our goal is to get into the playoffs , " Manning said .	sing_plur	8270
Few criminals bother to take to the street before dawn .	Few criminals bother to take to the streets before dawn .	sing_plur	8271
I am closer to the Republican on healthcare .	I am closer to the Republicans on healthcare .	sing_plur	8272
Some of the deal did not get done .	Some of the deals did not get done .	sing_plur	8275
Actual results may differ materially from the result anticipated in these forward-looking statements .	Actual results may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	8277
The downside is that the drug can make you drowsy .	The downside is that the drugs can make you drowsy .	sing_plur	8280
The parties have until November 30 to respond to the charge .	The parties have until November 30 to respond to the charges .	sing_plur	8282
The figurine will be put out for public viewing on Tuesday .	The figurines will be put out for public viewing on Tuesday .	sing_plur	8283
Clinton tops the field in the national poll .	Clinton tops the field in the national polls .	sing_plur	8284
Nevertheless , the woman 's game struggles at club level .	Nevertheless , the women 's game struggles at club level .	sing_plur	8286
The moderate will be ousted .	The moderates will be ousted .	sing_plur	8288
Earlier the authority released opposition leader Benazir Bhutto from house arrest .	Earlier the authorities released opposition leader Benazir Bhutto from house arrest .	sing_plur	8289
But GOP leaders called the change insignificant and politically motivated .	But GOP leaders called the changes insignificant and politically motivated .	sing_plur	8291
Kahn said the identity of the thief remained a mystery .	Kahn said the identity of the thieves remained a mystery .	sing_plur	8292
The rest of the folk looked up to him .	The rest of the folks looked up to him .	sing_plur	8293
Ms. Talve said the woman approached her this fall .	Ms. Talve said the women approached her this fall .	sing_plur	8295
The result would be compiled in a separate database .	The results would be compiled in a separate database .	sing_plur	8296
The number might not tell a complete story .	The numbers might not tell a complete story .	sing_plur	8297
Then the girl will be on their own .	Then the girls will be on their own .	sing_plur	8298
Criticism of the proposal is therefore premature .	Criticism of the proposals is therefore premature .	sing_plur	8299
One is also alleged to have paid for sex , the source said .	One is also alleged to have paid for sex , the sources said .	sing_plur	8301
It also allows authorities to detain people without informing them of the charge .	It also allows authorities to detain people without informing them of the charges .	sing_plur	8302
The Husky went inside early and often .	The Huskies went inside early and often .	sing_plur	8303
The answer we came up with were not particularly surprising .	The answers we came up with were not particularly surprising .	sing_plur	8304
Authorities still will not say what the test revealed .	Authorities still will not say what the tests revealed .	sing_plur	8309
O 'Donnell describes the negotiation on her blog .	O 'Donnell describes the negotiations on her blog .	sing_plur	8310
Mr. Caldern declined to be interviewed by the filmmaker .	Mr. Caldern declined to be interviewed by the filmmakers .	sing_plur	8311
His co-star , actor Vincent Cassel , was amazed by the result .	His co-star , actor Vincent Cassel , was amazed by the results .	sing_plur	8312
They are not doing this for the right reason .	They are not doing this for the right reasons .	sing_plur	8313
But the authority said evacuations were not necessary .	But the authorities said evacuations were not necessary .	sing_plur	8314
The United States has not made conclusive findings about the incident .	The United States has not made conclusive findings about the incidents .	sing_plur	8315
The transaction costs are high , the benefit questionable .	The transaction costs are high , the benefits questionable .	sing_plur	8316
And then , there are the sticky social moment .	And then , there are the sticky social moments .	sing_plur	8317
Two rounds of mild penalties have not slowed or stopped the activity .	Two rounds of mild penalties have not slowed or stopped the activities .	sing_plur	8318
Samoa lost the game 44-22 to end their hopes of reaching the quarter-final .	Samoa lost the game 44-22 to end their hopes of reaching the quarter-finals .	sing_plur	8320
I love my clothes and have amassed quite a few over the year .	I love my clothes and have amassed quite a few over the years .	sing_plur	8322
However , it might raise the expectation of others .	However , it might raise the expectations of others .	sing_plur	8323
The coach got to coaching a little louder .	The coaches got to coaching a little louder .	sing_plur	8324
1809 - Finland is ceded to Russia by the Swede .	1809 - Finland is ceded to Russia by the Swedes .	sing_plur	8326
As it happened the independent school had little to fear .	As it happened the independent schools had little to fear .	sing_plur	8327
Out of the ash of war will rise a beauty queen .	Out of the ashes of war will rise a beauty queen .	sing_plur	8331
Much of the Oscar appetite is coming from the actor themselves .	Much of the Oscar appetite is coming from the actors themselves .	sing_plur	8332
We did not want the story to end !	We did not want the stories to end !	sing_plur	8336
At first , the government held back as the protest grew .	At first , the government held back as the protests grew .	sing_plur	8337
Education should be in the hand of the professionals .	Education should be in the hands of the professionals .	sing_plur	8338
I understand the process where the brain shuts out everything except the drug .	I understand the process where the brain shuts out everything except the drugs .	sing_plur	8340
The share tacked on $ 6.08 more in after-hours trading .	The shares tacked on $ 6.08 more in after-hours trading .	sing_plur	8341
My son aged eight and daughter aged four now also love the story .	My son aged eight and daughter aged four now also love the stories .	sing_plur	8345
The passenger gazed out the windows .	The passengers gazed out the windows .	sing_plur	8346
The eight-member panel appointed by Kaine spent four months investigating the attack .	The eight-member panel appointed by Kaine spent four months investigating the attacks .	sing_plur	8347
The lawsuit raised questions about Jackson Hewitt 's oversight and supervision .	The lawsuits raised questions about Jackson Hewitt 's oversight and supervision .	sing_plur	8348
The Poles are not the only one with doubts .	The Poles are not the only ones with doubts .	sing_plur	8349
" It was not good , " Jauron said of the injury .	" It was not good , " Jauron said of the injuries .	sing_plur	8351
The priority should be restoring a normal life to the citizen .	The priority should be restoring a normal life to the citizens .	sing_plur	8353
He is proved that over the year .	He is proved that over the years .	sing_plur	8354
Bush said the proposal did not put the neediest children first .	Bush said the proposals did not put the neediest children first .	sing_plur	8357
In 1917 , the Bolshevik overthrew the Russian government in St. Petersburg .	In 1917 , the Bolsheviks overthrew the Russian government in St. Petersburg .	sing_plur	8358
And you may not like the change .	And you may not like the changes .	sing_plur	8361
Our regions are always putting the small wall around themselves .	Our regions are always putting the small walls around themselves .	sing_plur	8363
The short even had satin stripes down the sides .	The shorts even had satin stripes down the sides .	sing_plur	8365
He even speaks in the curt sentence of overprocessed dialogue .	He even speaks in the curt sentences of overprocessed dialogue .	sing_plur	8366
You cannot think about the element .	You cannot think about the elements .	sing_plur	8367
Blevins subsequently ordered the school closed for cleaning .	Blevins subsequently ordered the schools closed for cleaning .	sing_plur	8371
The discovery is detailed in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The discovery is detailed in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	8372
Tennessee and Arkansas also fell out of the ranking .	Tennessee and Arkansas also fell out of the rankings .	sing_plur	8373
" I do not know the detail , " she said .	" I do not know the details , " she said .	sing_plur	8375
He said the study makes the case for wider use of the device .	He said the study makes the case for wider use of the devices .	sing_plur	8376
Cleveland 's starting staff leads the major in innings pitched with 1,021 1-3 .	Cleveland 's starting staff leads the majors in innings pitched with 1,021 1-3 .	sing_plur	8377
Pte Jodka received an 18-month prison sentence for his part in the killing .	Pte Jodka received an 18-month prison sentence for his part in the killings .	sing_plur	8379
Enter the rabbi with their Edict , in 1935 .	Enter the rabbis with their Edict , in 1935 .	sing_plur	8380
Moms Mabley and the Marquis de Sade were the choreographer .	Moms Mabley and the Marquis de Sade were the choreographers .	sing_plur	8381
You have to put the hour in .	You have to put the hours in .	sing_plur	8382
And then there were the meeting with the lawyers .	And then there were the meetings with the lawyers .	sing_plur	8384
The first physical benefit La Reserve has is to soothe the eye .	The first physical benefit La Reserve has is to soothe the eyes .	sing_plur	8385
Olympic champion Fani Halkia of Greece was eliminated in the semifinal .	Olympic champion Fani Halkia of Greece was eliminated in the semifinals .	sing_plur	8387
I commit to securing the border first .	I commit to securing the borders first .	sing_plur	8388
Many of the victims and survivors were members of the organization .	Many of the victims and survivors were members of the organizations .	sing_plur	8389
Seattle missed the playoff for the sixth consecutive season .	Seattle missed the playoffs for the sixth consecutive season .	sing_plur	8390
But there are the perk .	But there are the perks .	sing_plur	8391
He promised federal help for those affected by the wildfire .	He promised federal help for those affected by the wildfires .	sing_plur	8393
The brother had been refused bail ahead of the court hearing .	The brothers had been refused bail ahead of the court hearing .	sing_plur	8395
Distillery stands , tastings and hourly masterclasses are among the attraction .	Distillery stands , tastings and hourly masterclasses are among the attractions .	sing_plur	8396
But he bristles at the charge of racism .	But he bristles at the charges of racism .	sing_plur	8398
In 1982 the authority refused to renew his work permit .	In 1982 the authorities refused to renew his work permit .	sing_plur	8401
He did not elaborate on the threat against the doctors .	He did not elaborate on the threats against the doctors .	sing_plur	8402
The authority ruled all four opponents ineligible , clearing the field .	The authorities ruled all four opponents ineligible , clearing the field .	sing_plur	8404
The court is to view the video Nov. 14 , the official said .	The court is to view the video Nov. 14 , the officials said .	sing_plur	8406
They are blocking the road .	They are blocking the roads .	sing_plur	8410
Most of the woman did not work .	Most of the women did not work .	sing_plur	8411
Many analysts are doubting if the poll will be held at all .	Many analysts are doubting if the polls will be held at all .	sing_plur	8412
Ask the dinosaur .	Ask the dinosaurs .	sing_plur	8413
Harris has yet to face the Steeler .	Harris has yet to face the Steelers .	sing_plur	8414
They are the aria .	They are the arias .	sing_plur	8416
When his time of reckoning came , the officer returned .	When his time of reckoning came , the officers returned .	sing_plur	8417
He said that 14 militants had also died in the clash .	He said that 14 militants had also died in the clashes .	sing_plur	8420
It made me remember a few other contretemps over the year .	It made me remember a few other contretemps over the years .	sing_plur	8421
Federal troops ousted the islander .	Federal troops ousted the islanders .	sing_plur	8422
But this one was more about Yao and Yi than the team involved .	But this one was more about Yao and Yi than the teams involved .	sing_plur	8423
The system will also enable park assist for automated parallel parking .	The systems will also enable park assist for automated parallel parking .	sing_plur	8424
The reason for the fight remained unclear yesterday .	The reason for the fights remained unclear yesterday .	sing_plur	8426
Well , that was the rabbit .	Well , that was the rabbits .	sing_plur	8427
Most of the grenade failed to explode .	Most of the grenades failed to explode .	sing_plur	8428
It has a swimming pool and a sprawling view of the mountain .	It has a swimming pool and a sprawling view of the mountains .	sing_plur	8429
Grim messages accompanied the head .	Grim messages accompanied the heads .	sing_plur	8430
We are suffering , especially the woman and the children .	We are suffering , especially the women and the children .	sing_plur	8431
All three emerged victorious in national competitions held to find the best player .	All three emerged victorious in national competitions held to find the best players .	sing_plur	8432
The result included challah and gingerbread cookies .	The results included challah and gingerbread cookies .	sing_plur	8433
The toy will already be abandoned and / or broken .	The toys will already be abandoned and / or broken .	sing_plur	8434
The victim hailed from Amish communities in Indiana , police said .	The victims hailed from Amish communities in Indiana , police said .	sing_plur	8435
But I did prove that they were right for the wrong reason .	But I did prove that they were right for the wrong reasons .	sing_plur	8437
The agent ordered the librarian to keep the demand secret .	The agents ordered the librarian to keep the demand secret .	sing_plur	8438
The detainee took medication before because of this .	The detainees took medication before because of this .	sing_plur	8439
The Independent Police Complaints Commission has launched an investigation into the shooting .	The Independent Police Complaints Commission has launched an investigation into the shootings .	sing_plur	8440
At one point , 2,500 homes had been under the order .	At one point , 2,500 homes had been under the orders .	sing_plur	8441
Mugabe also has a private mansion on the outskirt of the capital .	Mugabe also has a private mansion on the outskirts of the capital .	sing_plur	8442
The detail contained in the indictment are allegations .	The details contained in the indictment are allegations .	sing_plur	8443
China denied the claim , saying organ transplants were strictly controlled .	China denied the claims , saying organ transplants were strictly controlled .	sing_plur	8444
But I am scared to walk the street at night .	But I am scared to walk the streets at night .	sing_plur	8445
Her mum was a factory worker ; her father worked on the railway .	Her mum was a factory worker ; her father worked on the railways .	sing_plur	8446
But they are the only one .	But they are the only ones .	sing_plur	8447
Torture is unlawful under the law of this country .	Torture is unlawful under the laws of this country .	sing_plur	8448
West Point has made accommodations to women over the year .	West Point has made accommodations to women over the years .	sing_plur	8449
We cannot let their new-found hope be destroyed by the current flood .	We cannot let their new-found hope be destroyed by the current floods .	sing_plur	8450
Some employers even insist that workers do not check emails at the weekend .	Some employers even insist that workers do not check emails at the weekends .	sing_plur	8451
Police chiefs have denied the claim .	Police chiefs have denied the claims .	sing_plur	8452
But the store may clean up a new PC for a fee .	But the stores may clean up a new PC for a fee .	sing_plur	8453
Check the drawer and the back panels .	Check the drawers and the back panels .	sing_plur	8454
Those are the fact .	Those are the facts .	sing_plur	8455
Mr. Selek vehemently denies the accusation .	Mr. Selek vehemently denies the accusations .	sing_plur	8457
It was not immediately clear what the penalty for infractions would be .	It was not immediately clear what the penalties for infractions would be .	sing_plur	8460
Two new anthologies of writing produced in Scotland have hit the bookshelf .	Two new anthologies of writing produced in Scotland have hit the bookshelves .	sing_plur	8464
His agent , Scott Boras , did not participate in the talk .	His agent , Scott Boras , did not participate in the talks .	sing_plur	8465
The Fed is actually looking at bailing out the creditor .	The Fed is actually looking at bailing out the creditors .	sing_plur	8466
Players were not the only one soaking it all up .	Players were not the only ones soaking it all up .	sing_plur	8473
Despite the hardship , she has no complaints .	Despite the hardships , she has no complaints .	sing_plur	8474
The new plane will replace 34 of BA 's existing long-haul fleet .	The new planes will replace 34 of BA 's existing long-haul fleet .	sing_plur	8475
The Iranian regime delights in the ambiguity .	The Iranian regime delights in the ambiguities .	sing_plur	8476
Some were just watching from the sideline .	Some were just watching from the sidelines .	sing_plur	8477
Wharton continues to attract the best of the best recruiter .	Wharton continues to attract the best of the best recruiters .	sing_plur	8478
In the word of one newspaper , the honeymoon period is over .	In the words of one newspaper , the honeymoon period is over .	sing_plur	8480
It also vacated the damage and royalty awards .	It also vacated the damages and royalty awards .	sing_plur	8482
He has tightened restrictions on the medium and the Internet .	He has tightened restrictions on the media and the Internet .	sing_plur	8484
These are the paramount issue of our time .	These are the paramount issues of our time .	sing_plur	8485
The tablet weighed an estimated 293 grams ( 10.3 ounces ) .	The tablets weighed an estimated 293 grams ( 10.3 ounces ) .	sing_plur	8486
He traveled the country preaching the virtue of his ideology .	He traveled the country preaching the virtues of his ideology .	sing_plur	8487
Last week was a strong one for the market following weeks of volatility .	Last week was a strong one for the markets following weeks of volatility .	sing_plur	8489
Just seeing the grandchild made my day .	Just seeing the grandchildren made my day .	sing_plur	8490
Some of the women who have made the headline in 2007 .	Some of the women who have made the headlines in 2007 .	sing_plur	8491
They worship the military and their gods are the general .	They worship the military and their gods are the generals .	sing_plur	8492
Bring back the train !	Bring back the trains !	sing_plur	8493
The man will receive their awards from Princess Alexandra .	The men will receive their awards from Princess Alexandra .	sing_plur	8494
The twist did not end there .	The twists did not end there .	sing_plur	8495
The sound wave produced by active sonar can detect enemy subs miles away .	The sound waves produced by active sonar can detect enemy subs miles away .	sing_plur	8496
Civilians are being trapped between the insurgent and the army .	Civilians are being trapped between the insurgents and the army .	sing_plur	8498
Despite the long hour , Ms. Remache said she felt fulfilled .	Despite the long hours , Ms. Remache said she felt fulfilled .	sing_plur	8499
The car can be repaired .	The cars can be repaired .	sing_plur	8500
Contractor casualties and contractor-inflicted casualties are kept off the book .	Contractor casualties and contractor-inflicted casualties are kept off the books .	sing_plur	8501
But some critics argue that these villagers are among the luckier one .	But some critics argue that these villagers are among the luckier ones .	sing_plur	8504
It is off the chart .	It is off the charts .	sing_plur	8505
Tampa Bay had won seven of the previous eight meetings between the team .	Tampa Bay had won seven of the previous eight meetings between the teams .	sing_plur	8507
Despite my effort the tear flowed .	Despite my effort the tears flowed .	sing_plur	8509
So did the guy from Web startup PlanetAll .	So did the guys from Web startup PlanetAll .	sing_plur	8511
Patrick Beverley led the Razorback ( 2-1 ) with 14 points .	Patrick Beverley led the Razorbacks ( 2-1 ) with 14 points .	sing_plur	8512
But it is just the fact .	But it is just the facts .	sing_plur	8513
The premium may sound small for such potentially great rewards .	The premiums may sound small for such potentially great rewards .	sing_plur	8514
Every box in the U.S. sold off the shelf .	Every box in the U.S. sold off the shelves .	sing_plur	8515
The man had been charged with Islamic extremism .	The men had been charged with Islamic extremism .	sing_plur	8516
This stresses the bristle and causes premature bristle failure .	This stresses the bristles and causes premature bristle failure .	sing_plur	8517
The plan has set off a lively debate in the state-run medium .	The plan has set off a lively debate in the state-run media .	sing_plur	8518
He gets $ 200 for the best kite .	He gets $ 200 for the best kites .	sing_plur	8519
Shadow health secretary Andrew Lansley obtained the figure from a parliamentary question .	Shadow health secretary Andrew Lansley obtained the figures from a parliamentary question .	sing_plur	8520
" " We are not filling the seat .	" " We are not filling the seats .	sing_plur	8521
Cuban authorities rarely stop the boat in time .	Cuban authorities rarely stop the boats in time .	sing_plur	8524
The member of the family only go by their first names .	The members of the family only go by their first names .	sing_plur	8525
But the Iranian filed their court case instead .	But the Iranians filed their court case instead .	sing_plur	8530
Thorough cooking , to at least 160 degrees , can destroy the bacterium .	Thorough cooking , to at least 160 degrees , can destroy the bacteria .	sing_plur	8531
Look at the madrassa in Pakistan .	Look at the madrassas in Pakistan .	sing_plur	8532
The member included Gonzales , Addington , Haynes and Yoo .	The members included Gonzales , Addington , Haynes and Yoo .	sing_plur	8533
The bunker I crouched down in .	The bunkers I crouched down in .	sing_plur	8537
The militants have executed three of the soldier .	The militants have executed three of the soldiers .	sing_plur	8538
He wanted to see the sight , he said .	He wanted to see the sights , he said .	sing_plur	8540
The identity of the royal has been granted anonymity by the court .	The identity of the royal has been granted anonymity by the courts .	sing_plur	8541
Also Monday , the U.S. military reported the death of four service members .	Also Monday , the U.S. military reported the deaths of four service members .	sing_plur	8543
Tuesday marks the sixth anniversary of the terrorist attack .	Tuesday marks the sixth anniversary of the terrorist attacks .	sing_plur	8544
Authorities have not offered a motive for the killing .	Authorities have not offered a motive for the killings .	sing_plur	8545
All five men deny the charge .	All five men deny the charges .	sing_plur	8546
And then it is onwards into the hum of the clean room .	And then it is onwards into the hum of the clean rooms .	sing_plur	8547
The murder helped pierce the mystique surrounding Nepal 's royalty .	The murders helped pierce the mystique surrounding Nepal 's royalty .	sing_plur	8548
The public toilet could still be months or years away .	The public toilets could still be months or years away .	sing_plur	8549
The official did not identify the serviceman or his family .	The officials did not identify the serviceman or his family .	sing_plur	8554
The drug generated $ 10 billion in sales last year .	The drugs generated $ 10 billion in sales last year .	sing_plur	8555
For four hours the mother talked , which Ms. Medalia found hopeful .	For four hours the mothers talked , which Ms. Medalia found hopeful .	sing_plur	8557
Instead , they may have opened the floodgate .	Instead , they may have opened the floodgates .	sing_plur	8559
Uribe has negotiated the disarming of outlawed paramilitaries who once fought the guerrilla .	Uribe has negotiated the disarming of outlawed paramilitaries who once fought the guerrillas .	sing_plur	8561
The window in her stone house shattered .	The windows in her stone house shattered .	sing_plur	8565
A graphic included in the package shows the fire weaving around the area .	A graphic included in the package shows the fire weaving around the areas .	sing_plur	8566
They were given the word and asked to sing .	They were given the words and asked to sing .	sing_plur	8568
What you share is precious : the grandchild .	What you share is precious : the grandchildren .	sing_plur	8569
She is annoyed by the voice .	She is annoyed by the voices .	sing_plur	8571
We are very excited about the new opportunity .	We are very excited about the new opportunities .	sing_plur	8573
Rumours were running through the village .	Rumours were running through the villages .	sing_plur	8574
Gently pull the glass apart .	Gently pull the glasses apart .	sing_plur	8575
, the check bounced .	, the checks bounced .	sing_plur	8582
It was not immediately possible to reconcile the difference .	It was not immediately possible to reconcile the differences .	sing_plur	8583
So did the Maldive .	So did the Maldives .	sing_plur	8584
Crawl out from beneath the ream of data .	Crawl out from beneath the reams of data .	sing_plur	8585
J.P. Dumont and Kevin Klein scored goals for the Predator .	J.P. Dumont and Kevin Klein scored goals for the Predators .	sing_plur	8586
The amount being considered in the appropriations process are much lower .	The amounts being considered in the appropriations process are much lower .	sing_plur	8587
Shahbaz has denied the allegation .	Shahbaz has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	8588
It will be up to the new owner to build those .	It will be up to the new owners to build those .	sing_plur	8589
The best one we devoured down to the core .	The best ones we devoured down to the core .	sing_plur	8590
This compacts the layer of clay and causes the land to sink .	This compacts the layers of clay and causes the land to sink .	sing_plur	8591
Their mission was to visit a remote village to meet the tribal elder .	Their mission was to visit a remote village to meet the tribal elders .	sing_plur	8593
The photographer had been gathering in ever greater numbers at the front .	The photographers had been gathering in ever greater numbers at the front .	sing_plur	8596
My guess is that the piece played were simply too long .	My guess is that the pieces played were simply too long .	sing_plur	8597
You get to know the character .	You get to know the characters .	sing_plur	8599
The film-maker will be there but Jimmy will not .	The film-makers will be there but Jimmy will not .	sing_plur	8600
That does not stop the rocket .	That does not stop the rockets .	sing_plur	8601
The Senator began 2005-06 by winning 19 of their initial 22 games .	The Senators began 2005-06 by winning 19 of their initial 22 games .	sing_plur	8602
Among the multiple restaurant is a beach bar and grill .	Among the multiple restaurants is a beach bar and grill .	sing_plur	8603
It is thought this may involve deferring the charge for a year .	It is thought this may involve deferring the charges for a year .	sing_plur	8604
A larger issue is whether the drugs aim at the right target .	A larger issue is whether the drugs aim at the right targets .	sing_plur	8605
If a significant shareholder sells , the whole dynamic change .	If a significant shareholder sells , the whole dynamic changes .	sing_plur	8607
The result fell short of estimates .	The results fell short of estimates .	sing_plur	8608
The Reagan administration eventually agreed to turn over the document .	The Reagan administration eventually agreed to turn over the documents .	sing_plur	8609
It is fully compatible with the latest version of Java .	It is fully compatible with the latest versions of Java .	sing_plur	8611
Japan seized the island in 1895 when it colonized Taiwan .	Japan seized the islands in 1895 when it colonized Taiwan .	sing_plur	8612
Last September , the office awarded a contract to the consultant .	Last September , the office awarded a contract to the consultants .	sing_plur	8613
Downside : The sloping garden could prove a challenge .	Downside : The sloping gardens could prove a challenge .	sing_plur	8614
Social networking sites are not the only culprit .	Social networking sites are not the only culprits .	sing_plur	8615
The astronaut used tape to dab up some of the shaving .	The astronaut used tape to dab up some of the shavings .	sing_plur	8617
So they got rid of the self-service pump altogether .	So they got rid of the self-service pumps altogether .	sing_plur	8618
A student presented a brief history of the war between India and Pakistan .	A student presented a brief history of the wars between India and Pakistan .	sing_plur	8619
The broadcaster said that the conversation did not involve political or terrorist activity .	The broadcaster said that the conversations did not involve political or terrorist activity .	sing_plur	8620
Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells Trust welcomed the recommendation .	Maidstone and Tunbridge Wells Trust welcomed the recommendations .	sing_plur	8621
I ask eagerly as the 84-year-old approach me .	I ask eagerly as the 84-year-old approaches me .	sing_plur	8622
I make cheese and I bring it to the neighbor .	I make cheese and I bring it to the neighbors .	sing_plur	8623
And yet the middle class did not support Democrats .	And yet the middle classes did not support Democrats .	sing_plur	8624
The suspension began last week and continued this week , he said .	The suspensions began last week and continued this week , he said .	sing_plur	8625
Now , he will get a peek behind the scene .	Now , he will get a peek behind the scenes .	sing_plur	8626
The umpire disagreed .	The umpires disagreed .	sing_plur	8628
But moral outrage is counterproductive unless directed at the right target .	But moral outrage is counterproductive unless directed at the right targets .	sing_plur	8630
And then the bomb struck .	And then the bombs struck .	sing_plur	8631
On Friday , Sabathia loaded the base in two innings .	On Friday , Sabathia loaded the bases in two innings .	sing_plur	8632
The economic change also unleashed a revolution of a different sort .	The economic changes also unleashed a revolution of a different sort .	sing_plur	8633
Staff at the home discovered the woman 's bodies shortly before 4am .	Staff at the home discovered the women 's bodies shortly before 4am .	sing_plur	8634
ARCHIVE : Read the other part of the series .	ARCHIVE : Read the other parts of the series .	sing_plur	8635
The military said the helicopter collided during a likely rocket-propelled grenade attack .	The military said the helicopters collided during a likely rocket-propelled grenade attack .	sing_plur	8636
Attorneys for the plaintiff said BP placed profits over safety at the refinery .	Attorneys for the plaintiffs said BP placed profits over safety at the refinery .	sing_plur	8637
It defies the law of nature .	It defies the laws of nature .	sing_plur	8638
The school system hired environmental consultant ECS Mid-Atlantic to perform the test .	The school system hired environmental consultant ECS Mid-Atlantic to perform the tests .	sing_plur	8639
The house also had to power an electric vehicle .	The houses also had to power an electric vehicle .	sing_plur	8640
The team had to be separated .	The teams had to be separated .	sing_plur	8641
Deborah 's mother agreed it was important to know the risk .	Deborah 's mother agreed it was important to know the risks .	sing_plur	8642
We said show us the paper .	We said show us the papers .	sing_plur	8648
And we need the point .	And we need the points .	sing_plur	8651
Bean said Lamneck asked for documentation that Bean was following the rule .	Bean said Lamneck asked for documentation that Bean was following the rules .	sing_plur	8653
Talve was in her office when the woman approached her this fall .	Talve was in her office when the women approached her this fall .	sing_plur	8656
The authority denied the charge .	The authorities denied the charge .	sing_plur	8658
In his wake were dozens of local officials angered by the disclosure .	In his wake were dozens of local officials angered by the disclosures .	sing_plur	8659
Officials at the firm could not immediately be reached for comment .	Officials at the firms could not immediately be reached for comment .	sing_plur	8660
That is in the hand of other people .	That is in the hands of other people .	sing_plur	8661
Severing the trial of Stewart and Ehrlich from Simpson could be complicated legally .	Severing the trials of Stewart and Ehrlich from Simpson could be complicated legally .	sing_plur	8662
The statement said the circumstance surrounding the airstrikes were under review .	The statement said the circumstances surrounding the airstrikes were under review .	sing_plur	8663
The reason they come to New York is for the show .	The reason they come to New York is for the shows .	sing_plur	8664
The federal fund short term rate is currently pegged at 4.75 percent .	The federal funds short term rate is currently pegged at 4.75 percent .	sing_plur	8665
However , police said injuries only occurred in 16 of the accident .	However , police said injuries only occurred in 16 of the accidents .	sing_plur	8666
They are the big strategic winner of our invasion of Iraq .	They are the big strategic winners of our invasion of Iraq .	sing_plur	8667
We must restrain the kid from retaliating .	We must restrain the kids from retaliating .	sing_plur	8669
The Bush administration did not take issue with the finding .	The Bush administration did not take issue with the findings .	sing_plur	8670
The Spanish authority said they could not comment on the case .	The Spanish authorities said they could not comment on the case .	sing_plur	8672
The official declined to say what procedures were not followed .	The officials declined to say what procedures were not followed .	sing_plur	8673
The player vowed to correct the problems .	The players vowed to correct the problems .	sing_plur	8674
Some foreign companies have been deterred by the risk here .	Some foreign companies have been deterred by the risks here .	sing_plur	8675
Stricker is the spoiler at No. 2 in the standing .	Stricker is the spoiler at No. 2 in the standings .	sing_plur	8677
Think of the confusion .	Think of the confusions .	sing_plur	8678
The call seemed to work .	The calls seemed to work .	sing_plur	8679
A retired judge will decide the final payment .	A retired judge will decide the final payments .	sing_plur	8680
The share rose 48 cents , or 7 percent , to $ 7.34 .	The shares rose 48 cents , or 7 percent , to $ 7.34 .	sing_plur	8681
Also riding low in the poll is Del .	Also riding low in the polls is Del .	sing_plur	8682
But the biggest issue is making sure we have the best player .	But the biggest issue is making sure we have the best players .	sing_plur	8685
But the Legislature and the governor delayed the primary .	But the Legislature and the governor delayed the primaries .	sing_plur	8686
Police said there were no serious injuries in either of the accident .	Police said there were no serious injuries in either of the accidents .	sing_plur	8689
Charlotte posted the largest gain at 4.3 percent .	Charlotte posted the largest gains at 4.3 percent .	sing_plur	8691
It is a matter of respecting the wish of the parents .	It is a matter of respecting the wishes of the parents .	sing_plur	8692
However , the statute of limitation had run out for most .	However , the statutes of limitation had run out for most .	sing_plur	8694
Such statements reflect the current view of AMI 's and AMH 's management .	Such statements reflect the current views of AMI 's and AMH 's management .	sing_plur	8695
These are just some of the finding from the latest FOX News poll .	These are just some of the findings from the latest FOX News poll .	sing_plur	8696
Nash had gotten the number .	Nash had gotten the numbers .	sing_plur	8697
They have repeatedly watched the excruciating video during the proceeding .	They have repeatedly watched the excruciating video during the proceedings .	sing_plur	8699
Lingering warm weather has kept a bounty of crops late in the Greenmarket .	Lingering warm weather has kept a bounty of crops late in the Greenmarkets .	sing_plur	8700
Marquez said the officer screamed at Ford .	Marquez said the officers screamed at Ford .	sing_plur	8701
The trainer , Brian McNamee , said he injected Clemens with the drug .	The trainer , Brian McNamee , said he injected Clemens with the drugs .	sing_plur	8702
Hearings on the charge will be held in each county .	Hearings on the charges will be held in each county .	sing_plur	8703
It is not known how long the bone had been buried .	It is not known how long the bones had been buried .	sing_plur	8704
They express empathy for the victim and their families .	They express empathy for the victims and their families .	sing_plur	8706
Elephants are the largest beast alive on land today .	Elephants are the largest beasts alive on land today .	sing_plur	8707
Three white pupils were expelled for hanging the noose .	Three white pupils were expelled for hanging the nooses .	sing_plur	8709
The soldiers have the gun .	The soldiers have the guns .	sing_plur	8711
Below are some of the report you requested .	Below are some of the reports you requested .	sing_plur	8712
And all at prices that will not frighten the horse .	And all at prices that will not frighten the horses .	sing_plur	8713
When the result came back , the diagnosis was clear .	When the results came back , the diagnosis was clear .	sing_plur	8715
His roots lay in Wales and the English province .	His roots lay in Wales and the English provinces .	sing_plur	8717
" Hopefully , we are the underdog , " shortstop Troy Tulowitzki said .	" Hopefully , we are the underdogs , " shortstop Troy Tulowitzki said .	sing_plur	8718
They finished with an 11-5 record and made the playoff .	They finished with an 11-5 record and made the playoffs .	sing_plur	8719
If you forget this lesson , the god , etc .	If you forget this lesson , the gods , etc .	sing_plur	8720
The new agreement will be beneficial for both SteelCloud and the representative firms .	The new agreements will be beneficial for both SteelCloud and the representative firms .	sing_plur	8723
The incentive to continue pussyfooting are clear .	The incentives to continue pussyfooting are clear .	sing_plur	8726
June , citing safety as a reason to renationalise the railway .	June , citing safety as a reason to renationalise the railways .	sing_plur	8727
The standard and privileges committee said the adverts were effectively campaigning .	The standards and privileges committee said the adverts were effectively campaigning .	sing_plur	8728
First the expert could no longer decide what was good .	First the experts could no longer decide what was good .	sing_plur	8730
Authorities have not disclosed a motive for the killing .	Authorities have not disclosed a motive for the killings .	sing_plur	8732
It gave me the opportunity to try out the word .	It gave me the opportunity to try out the words .	sing_plur	8734
The module will be exported worldwide .	The modules will be exported worldwide .	sing_plur	8735
Some residents worry that a witch school could make the problem worse .	Some residents worry that a witch school could make the problems worse .	sing_plur	8737
Plans to go public in 2008 are in the work .	Plans to go public in 2008 are in the works .	sing_plur	8738
Interviews continue to track their families or close relatives , the agency said .	Interviews continue to track their families or close relatives , the agencies said .	sing_plur	8739
Senate and House Democrats have demanded to see the memo .	Senate and House Democrats have demanded to see the memos .	sing_plur	8740
Instead , he was impressed by the novelty and cleverness of the concept .	Instead , he was impressed by the novelty and cleverness of the concepts .	sing_plur	8742
Our priority is to locate the missing firefighter .	Our priority is to locate the missing firefighters .	sing_plur	8743
But the onus has to be on the student as well .	But the onus has to be on the students as well .	sing_plur	8744
An RAF helicopter crew airlifted the man to Wansbeck General Hospital .	An RAF helicopter crew airlifted the men to Wansbeck General Hospital .	sing_plur	8746
They just want the resource to do their jobs .	They just want the resources to do their jobs .	sing_plur	8748
The utility must share their contingency plans .	The utilities must share their contingency plans .	sing_plur	8749
Still , the long-term appetite for the youth-oriented site is unclear .	Still , the long-term appetite for the youth-oriented sites is unclear .	sing_plur	8750
The photo-op began with the usual diplomatic pleasantry .	The photo-op began with the usual diplomatic pleasantries .	sing_plur	8751
At last , they are the AL East champion .	At last , they are the AL East champions .	sing_plur	8752
The Dodgers have a 9-5 record against the Diamondback .	The Dodgers have a 9-5 record against the Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	8753
Romney has a bigger lead there in the latest survey .	Romney has a bigger lead there in the latest surveys .	sing_plur	8755
But the hard reality of the poppy economy quickly reasserted themselves .	But the hard realities of the poppy economy quickly reasserted themselves .	sing_plur	8759
The agency wants to know more about how companies determine the target .	The agency wants to know more about how companies determine the targets .	sing_plur	8760
" The dynamic the show plays out are real , " she said .	" The dynamics the show plays out are real , " she said .	sing_plur	8762
It is easy to be cynical about the law of war .	It is easy to be cynical about the laws of war .	sing_plur	8763
The proposals focus on providing small houses to free up the larger property .	The proposals focus on providing small houses to free up the larger properties .	sing_plur	8766
Nobody locks up a beach quite like the Italian .	Nobody locks up a beach quite like the Italians .	sing_plur	8769
I was very happy with the result .	I was very happy with the results .	sing_plur	8770
" " The figure could have had religious significance .	" " The figures could have had religious significance .	sing_plur	8771
But each company uses the same questionnaire and sets similar goals .	But each company uses the same questionnaires and sets similar goals .	sing_plur	8772
Define - liner and mascara will define the eye .	Define - liner and mascara will define the eyes .	sing_plur	8773
The other man charged are Walter Alexander , Clarence Stewart and Michael Clinton .	The other men charged are Walter Alexander , Clarence Stewart and Michael Clinton .	sing_plur	8775
Some say the huge number overwhelmed the authorities .	Some say the huge numbers overwhelmed the authorities .	sing_plur	8777
Some of the young performer said just appearing onstage was worthwhile .	Some of the young performers said just appearing onstage was worthwhile .	sing_plur	8778
Seems the only people not overly psyched about the game were the player .	Seems the only people not overly psyched about the game were the players .	sing_plur	8779
We hit the ball in the gap .	We hit the ball in the gaps .	sing_plur	8780
The explosion seemed like a targeted assassination attempt , the aide said .	The explosions seemed like a targeted assassination attempt , the aide said .	sing_plur	8781
The circumstance surrounding the incident are being investigated .	The circumstances surrounding the incident are being investigated .	sing_plur	8782
The people at the nearby table giggled .	The people at the nearby tables giggled .	sing_plur	8784
The hair on my arm stand up when I hear such promotions .	The hairs on my arm stand up when I hear such promotions .	sing_plur	8785
Egypt angrily rejected the charge .	Egypt angrily rejected the charges .	sing_plur	8786
Whatever deal was struck first was usually accepted by the other .	Whatever deal was struck first was usually accepted by the others .	sing_plur	8787
Besides the race the event includes a contest for best-dressed buffalo .	Besides the races the event includes a contest for best-dressed buffalo .	sing_plur	8788
Hu Yijun cycles his small rickshaw through the street of Beijing .	Hu Yijun cycles his small rickshaw through the streets of Beijing .	sing_plur	8789
The chance of that happening are miniscule .	The chances of that happening are miniscule .	sing_plur	8791
Scientific and technical experts from academia and government laboratories reviewed the proposal .	Scientific and technical experts from academia and government laboratories reviewed the proposals .	sing_plur	8794
I do not like the woman he is choosing .	I do not like the women he is choosing .	sing_plur	8797
It will only be more valuable in the hard month ahead .	It will only be more valuable in the hard months ahead .	sing_plur	8798
Make the right choice at the grocery .	Make the right choices at the grocery .	sing_plur	8799
There is this vicious stereotype of black dope dealers armed to the tooth .	There is this vicious stereotype of black dope dealers armed to the teeth .	sing_plur	8801
Click here to read the question that made the cut .	Click here to read the questions that made the cut .	sing_plur	8802
And they take the free apple from the lobby !	And they take the free apples from the lobby !	sing_plur	8805
They share the airwave with public broadcaster Rai 's radio stations .	They share the airwaves with public broadcaster Rai 's radio stations .	sing_plur	8807
Iraq 's Sunni Arabs boycotted the first election in January 2005 .	Iraq 's Sunni Arabs boycotted the first elections in January 2005 .	sing_plur	8808
The air , compressed by the wind , heats up .	The air , compressed by the winds , heats up .	sing_plur	8809
TSA will not disclose the detail of new policy for security reasons .	TSA will not disclose the details of new policy for security reasons .	sing_plur	8810
I am willing to take the step to get there .	I am willing to take the steps to get there .	sing_plur	8811
While denying any wrongdoing , the company paid millions to settle the case .	While denying any wrongdoing , the companies paid millions to settle the case .	sing_plur	8812
We will take the revenge on the ruler .	We will take the revenge on the rulers .	sing_plur	8813
Google did not specify how the application will be judged .	Google did not specify how the applications will be judged .	sing_plur	8815
They did not want to kill the monk .	They did not want to kill the monks .	sing_plur	8816
Follow the prompt to access the replay .	Follow the prompts to access the replay .	sing_plur	8818
Both Mr. Obama and Mr. Edwards face tough decisions in the week ahead .	Both Mr. Obama and Mr. Edwards face tough decisions in the weeks ahead .	sing_plur	8819
But the problem will hit the next generation .	But the problems will hit the next generation .	sing_plur	8820
At the end of the ceremony certificates were handed over to the participant .	At the end of the ceremony certificates were handed over to the participants .	sing_plur	8822
The woman claimed they had steady jobs as shopkeepers and Bollywood stage hands .	The women claimed they had steady jobs as shopkeepers and Bollywood stage hands .	sing_plur	8823
The government has denied the charge .	The government has denied the charges .	sing_plur	8824
The woman relented .	The women relented .	sing_plur	8827
The image shows the plan of mice and men .	The image shows the plans of mice and men .	sing_plur	8828
He knew the complication .	He knew the complications .	sing_plur	8829
Future negotiations will determine how to dismantle the facility .	Future negotiations will determine how to dismantle the facilities .	sing_plur	8830
The woman had seen female insurgents blow themselves up with suicide vests .	The women had seen female insurgents blow themselves up with suicide vests .	sing_plur	8831
The feeling of stress that Thanksgiving evokes sometimes overwhelm the seasonal beneficence .	The feelings of stress that Thanksgiving evokes sometimes overwhelm the seasonal beneficence .	sing_plur	8833
It is a global phenomenon , and Asian markets are the main driver .	It is a global phenomenon , and Asian markets are the main drivers .	sing_plur	8835
The FAA views the retirement differently .	The FAA views the retirements differently .	sing_plur	8837
It seemed we had found the Pocono of yore .	It seemed we had found the Poconos of yore .	sing_plur	8838
It was not all America 's day at the championship though .	It was not all America 's day at the championships though .	sing_plur	8839
Win and they reach the playoff .	Win and they reach the playoffs .	sing_plur	8840
Bond prices slipped Wednesday after the economic reading .	Bond prices slipped Wednesday after the economic readings .	sing_plur	8844
The share , tipped at 732p , comfortably broke the 800p barrier .	The shares , tipped at 732p , comfortably broke the 800p barrier .	sing_plur	8846
Then there were the tortilla .	Then there were the tortillas .	sing_plur	8848
Singer 's office began filing the suit in June .	Singer 's office began filing the suits in June .	sing_plur	8849
What the writer should avoid : More love triangles involving patients .	What the writers should avoid : More love triangles involving patients .	sing_plur	8850
It has an excellent wee visitor centre that helps to interpret the ruin .	It has an excellent wee visitor centre that helps to interpret the ruins .	sing_plur	8853
1526 - Italian navigator Sebastian Cabot explores the river of Paraguay .	1526 - Italian navigator Sebastian Cabot explores the rivers of Paraguay .	sing_plur	8854
It was not immediately clear whether the officer returned fire .	It was not immediately clear whether the officers returned fire .	sing_plur	8855
The incident occurred from January 2000 through April 2006 in North Dakota .	The incidents occurred from January 2000 through April 2006 in North Dakota .	sing_plur	8856
Sidorova thrust her hands into the pocket of her coat .	Sidorova thrust her hands into the pockets of her coat .	sing_plur	8857
He said the victim included males and females .	He said the victims included males and females .	sing_plur	8860
But maybe the player had an idea .	But maybe the players had an idea .	sing_plur	8861
7 when the mom will convene for the first time .	7 when the moms will convene for the first time .	sing_plur	8862
The Trojan and Tigers split the national championship .	The Trojans and Tigers split the national championship .	sing_plur	8863
Instead the GOP won the majority of the race .	Instead the GOP won the majority of the races .	sing_plur	8864
What is more , recidivism is higher among the older inmate .	What is more , recidivism is higher among the older inmates .	sing_plur	8865
Charges have been dropped against three of the man .	Charges have been dropped against three of the men .	sing_plur	8866
The Leser complained to the Better Business Bureau .	The Lesers complained to the Better Business Bureau .	sing_plur	8867
Administrative offices are located in the wing .	Administrative offices are located in the wings .	sing_plur	8868
A free Iraq will counter the destructive ambition of Iran .	A free Iraq will counter the destructive ambitions of Iran .	sing_plur	8869
The study said no .	The studies said no .	sing_plur	8871
There were few moments of cheer for the Liberal .	There were few moments of cheer for the Liberals .	sing_plur	8872
We are afraid of going out in the street .	We are afraid of going out in the streets .	sing_plur	8874
The actual result may differ materially from those contained in this press release .	The actual results may differ materially from those contained in this press release .	sing_plur	8875
The activity in the OMI joint venture will cease during 2008 .	The activities in the OMI joint venture will cease during 2008 .	sing_plur	8876
The club reimburses the network for their production costs .	The club reimburses the networks for their production costs .	sing_plur	8877
That last sentiment is a reminder of the challenge facing the Christian right .	That last sentiment is a reminder of the challenges facing the Christian right .	sing_plur	8880
It is time to combat the cause of future disease .	It is time to combat the causes of future disease .	sing_plur	8881
Click on the link below to read their opinions .	Click on the links below to read their opinions .	sing_plur	8883
1865 - European settlers begin to arrive on the island .	1865 - European settlers begin to arrive on the islands .	sing_plur	8886
20 , 2007 - The unturned page said it all .	20 , 2007 - The unturned pages said it all .	sing_plur	8892
The officer said they thought Diallo was reaching for a gun .	The officers said they thought Diallo was reaching for a gun .	sing_plur	8893
The other lawyer representing the defendants did not immediately return telephone calls Sunday .	The other lawyers representing the defendants did not immediately return telephone calls Sunday .	sing_plur	8894
We kept the terrorist from getting the trigger .	We kept the terrorists from getting the trigger .	sing_plur	8895
The US Supreme Court ruled the tape be handed over .	The US Supreme Court ruled the tapes be handed over .	sing_plur	8896
The man will appear in court tomorrow .	The men will appear in court tomorrow .	sing_plur	8897
The Zionist seemed superbly organised .	The Zionists seemed superbly organised .	sing_plur	8898
Polls consistently show the Dane not far behind British levels of Euro-scepticism .	Polls consistently show the Danes not far behind British levels of Euro-scepticism .	sing_plur	8899
There are suspicions that an organised crime syndicate is behind the killing .	There are suspicions that an organised crime syndicate is behind the killings .	sing_plur	8900
This is the only correct interpretation of the rule .	This is the only correct interpretation of the rules .	sing_plur	8901
The fire began on October 21st , a Sunday .	The fires began on October 21st , a Sunday .	sing_plur	8902
Jon Stewart has hosted the Oscar once before .	Jon Stewart has hosted the Oscars once before .	sing_plur	8903
However , the rebel denied that claim .	However , the rebels denied that claim .	sing_plur	8905
More than 2,200 companies enjoy the benefit of CEA membership .	More than 2,200 companies enjoy the benefits of CEA membership .	sing_plur	8908
The authority did not offer a possible motive for the killings .	The authorities did not offer a possible motive for the killings .	sing_plur	8909
Farmers were positioned along the bank holding fishing rods .	Farmers were positioned along the banks holding fishing rods .	sing_plur	8911
The cell should be robust in most men , the researchers believe .	The cells should be robust in most men , the researchers believe .	sing_plur	8912
He admitted the event had been mishandled .	He admitted the events had been mishandled .	sing_plur	8913
There is little doubt that the fan will be crazy .	There is little doubt that the fans will be crazy .	sing_plur	8914
And McClaren refused to blame the player for his dismissal .	And McClaren refused to blame the players for his dismissal .	sing_plur	8915
" The players are very aware of the rule , " Williams said .	" The players are very aware of the rules , " Williams said .	sing_plur	8917
Urquhart said investigators have not yet determined a motive for the killing .	Urquhart said investigators have not yet determined a motive for the killings .	sing_plur	8920
The vents are like the geyser in Yellowstone .	The vents are like the geysers in Yellowstone .	sing_plur	8921
Others changes are in the work .	Others changes are in the works .	sing_plur	8923
The man pleaded not guilty .	The men pleaded not guilty .	sing_plur	8924
Worsening the current Shiite-on-Shiite battles could ripple to the highest level .	Worsening the current Shiite-on-Shiite battles could ripple to the highest levels .	sing_plur	8925
I started to talk to her in the evening .	I started to talk to her in the evenings .	sing_plur	8926
Some did not contain the additive .	Some did not contain the additives .	sing_plur	8928
They urged laymen not to join the protest .	They urged laymen not to join the protests .	sing_plur	8929
The rover had pulled through .	The rovers had pulled through .	sing_plur	8931
So are the many undecided Republican .	So are the many undecided Republicans .	sing_plur	8932
" Those were the day , " she says .	" Those were the days , " she says .	sing_plur	8934
The presidential candidate drew a lottery for who would speak first .	The presidential candidates drew a lottery for who would speak first .	sing_plur	8935
The practical application in combat seemed limited .	The practical applications in combat seemed limited .	sing_plur	8937
The UAE has dismissed the charge .	The UAE has dismissed the charges .	sing_plur	8938
The winner of that will advance to the finals .	The winners of that will advance to the finals .	sing_plur	8939
" " It is tough for the fan to get excited .	" " It is tough for the fans to get excited .	sing_plur	8941
In the year since then , his health and might have faded .	In the years since then , his health and might have faded .	sing_plur	8943
There is a whole other level that reaches a person through the eye .	There is a whole other level that reaches a person through the eyes .	sing_plur	8944
Mr Davidson criticised the lack of expertise displayed in administering the election .	Mr Davidson criticised the lack of expertise displayed in administering the elections .	sing_plur	8945
Offshore wind farms are expensive and not necessarily popular with the local .	Offshore wind farms are expensive and not necessarily popular with the locals .	sing_plur	8946
Stastny assisted on both of the first-period goal .	Stastny assisted on both of the first-period goals .	sing_plur	8947
The government predicts the measure will lift 100,000 children out of poverty .	The government predicts the measures will lift 100,000 children out of poverty .	sing_plur	8948
There are signs of change in the city too .	There are signs of change in the cities too .	sing_plur	8949
Seconds later he heard the sound of the crash .	Seconds later he heard the sounds of the crash .	sing_plur	8950
Some critics of Walters considered that a slap against the peaceful marcher .	Some critics of Walters considered that a slap against the peaceful marchers .	sing_plur	8951
Please read the prospectus carefully before investing .	Please read the prospectuses carefully before investing .	sing_plur	8952
We have not independently verified the datum .	We have not independently verified the data .	sing_plur	8953
You spend 14 hours in the market .	You spend 14 hours in the markets .	sing_plur	8954
Jerricho Cotchery led the Jet with 43 yards receiving .	Jerricho Cotchery led the Jets with 43 yards receiving .	sing_plur	8957
We want to provide some insight and emphasise to parents the legal aspect .	We want to provide some insight and emphasise to parents the legal aspects .	sing_plur	8958
Afterward , he shook the hand of the Navy players around him .	Afterward , he shook the hands of the Navy players around him .	sing_plur	8959
There are new penalties for those who break the rule .	There are new penalties for those who break the rules .	sing_plur	8960
The commissioner said they would send Polshek a letter detailing their concerns .	The commissioners said they would send Polshek a letter detailing their concerns .	sing_plur	8961
It is not known how long the delay might continue .	It is not known how long the delays might continue .	sing_plur	8962
In public , the monk appeared peaceful .	In public , the monks appeared peaceful .	sing_plur	8963
A prison medical examination later identified the bruise across his body .	A prison medical examination later identified the bruises across his body .	sing_plur	8964
No one was injured , and the explosion caused only minor damage .	No one was injured , and the explosions caused only minor damage .	sing_plur	8965
There is no blink in the man .	There is no blink in the men .	sing_plur	8966
Nasdaq and Borse Dubai said the agreement had unanimous support on both boards .	Nasdaq and Borse Dubai said the agreements had unanimous support on both boards .	sing_plur	8967
They describe the shaft as accidents waiting to happen .	They describe the shafts as accidents waiting to happen .	sing_plur	8968
Most children with abdominal pain have no physical abnormalities , the researcher noted .	Most children with abdominal pain have no physical abnormalities , the researchers noted .	sing_plur	8973
The benefit of unassisted delivery , Griesemer said , were immediately apparent .	The benefits of unassisted delivery , Griesemer said , were immediately apparent .	sing_plur	8974
The Jayhawk will not play Oklahoma or Texas during the regular season .	The Jayhawks will not play Oklahoma or Texas during the regular season .	sing_plur	8975
The militant later said they freed the men .	The militants later said they freed the men .	sing_plur	8976
He declined to name any of the country consulted .	He declined to name any of the countries consulted .	sing_plur	8977
We just do not have the resource .	We just do not have the resources .	sing_plur	8978
The Times 's Leslie Wayne and Susan Saulny have the detail .	The Times 's Leslie Wayne and Susan Saulny have the details .	sing_plur	8980
Major Hollywood unions have lined up behind the writer .	Major Hollywood unions have lined up behind the writers .	sing_plur	8981
The resident tended to clear out when trouble was expected .	The residents tended to clear out when trouble was expected .	sing_plur	8982
The two are also becoming the superior debater in the field .	The two are also becoming the superior debaters in the field .	sing_plur	8984
" Cheaper on the lower floor , " Mr. Ehrmann said .	" Cheaper on the lower floors , " Mr. Ehrmann said .	sing_plur	8985
Ch Supt Derek Penman condemned those behind the incident .	Ch Supt Derek Penman condemned those behind the incidents .	sing_plur	8987
It echoed grimly of the old excuse .	It echoed grimly of the old excuses .	sing_plur	8988
The policeman took shelter behind a traffic kiosk .	The policemen took shelter behind a traffic kiosk .	sing_plur	8989
21 , because the product might be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes .	21 , because the products might be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes .	sing_plur	8991
That perception was exacerbated by the model .	That perception was exacerbated by the models .	sing_plur	8992
The hall grew unrestrained .	The halls grew unrestrained .	sing_plur	8994
Foreign investors were the main player .	Foreign investors were the main players .	sing_plur	8995
In 2005 , the robot did much better .	In 2005 , the robots did much better .	sing_plur	8997
Dorset mother Ruth Hawkins was among those welcoming the new rule last week .	Dorset mother Ruth Hawkins was among those welcoming the new rules last week .	sing_plur	8999
The championship will be held in Stuttgart , Germany , from September 26-30 .	The championships will be held in Stuttgart , Germany , from September 26-30 .	sing_plur	9000
The dream will come to you .	The dreams will come to you .	sing_plur	9002
There is a disconnect now in the neighborhood .	There is a disconnect now in the neighborhoods .	sing_plur	9003
The identification of the component used .	The identification of the components used .	sing_plur	9004
Two top Democrats said they want government screeners to conduct the inspection .	Two top Democrats said they want government screeners to conduct the inspections .	sing_plur	9005
" It went off the chart , " he said .	" It went off the charts , " he said .	sing_plur	9006
There was no immediate confirmation from officials of the arrest .	There was no immediate confirmation from officials of the arrests .	sing_plur	9007
They also reduce inflammation and can eliminate the foul odor of infected wounds .	They also reduce inflammation and can eliminate the foul odors of infected wounds .	sing_plur	9008
I was waiting for the thumb up .	I was waiting for the thumbs up .	sing_plur	9009
But Chad said they had no authorization to take the infant .	But Chad said they had no authorization to take the infants .	sing_plur	9011
This would give us the most environmental gain for the dollar invested .	This would give us the most environmental gain for the dollars invested .	sing_plur	9012
The offering of the debenture will be subject to market conditions .	The offering of the debentures will be subject to market conditions .	sing_plur	9013
I just cover the cost .	I just cover the costs .	sing_plur	9014
The problem is the player .	The problem is the players .	sing_plur	9015
We all saw the consequence of having terrible government leadership .	We all saw the consequences of having terrible government leadership .	sing_plur	9016
The announcement said the measure would be in effect for 60 days .	The announcement said the measures would be in effect for 60 days .	sing_plur	9019
The society began to look like an anachronism .	The societies began to look like an anachronism .	sing_plur	9020
Stiles ' former girlfriend said she is stunned by the allegation .	Stiles ' former girlfriend said she is stunned by the allegations .	sing_plur	9021
Companies have until Jan. 14 to respond to the proposal .	Companies have until Jan. 14 to respond to the proposals .	sing_plur	9022
The soldier jumped down and began scanning the streets for militants .	The soldiers jumped down and began scanning the streets for militants .	sing_plur	9025
They are the innocent one .	They are the innocent ones .	sing_plur	9026
Google has denied any wrongdoing and said it would vigorously fight the charge .	Google has denied any wrongdoing and said it would vigorously fight the charges .	sing_plur	9027
The stamp will not appear on standard licenses issued after 2008 .	The stamps will not appear on standard licenses issued after 2008 .	sing_plur	9029
Keep the sacking coming !	Keep the sackings coming !	sing_plur	9031
" Look at the ragged abdominal cut , " she said .	" Look at the ragged abdominal cuts , " she said .	sing_plur	9032
Mills McCartney was asked Thursday whom she thought was behind the threat .	Mills McCartney was asked Thursday whom she thought was behind the threats .	sing_plur	9033
The other officer survived .	The other officers survived .	sing_plur	9034
All told , the professor studied 1,807 companies over those four years .	All told , the professors studied 1,807 companies over those four years .	sing_plur	9036
The fly can be hand-made or bought .	The flies can be hand-made or bought .	sing_plur	9039
Upside : The gardens have been beautifully landscaped by the current owner .	Upside : The gardens have been beautifully landscaped by the current owners .	sing_plur	9040
Produce a peach and you join the pantheon of the god .	Produce a peach and you join the pantheon of the gods .	sing_plur	9042
Revealingly , the biggest grumbling is about the pig .	Revealingly , the biggest grumbling is about the pigs .	sing_plur	9043
And we asked the voter there for questions .	And we asked the voters there for questions .	sing_plur	9044
I love to listen to the story of the older generations .	I love to listen to the stories of the older generations .	sing_plur	9045
But top-seeded Justine Henin looms as a possible opponent in the quarterfinal .	But top-seeded Justine Henin looms as a possible opponent in the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	9047
All applicants must be prepared to meet the existing deadline .	All applicants must be prepared to meet the existing deadlines .	sing_plur	9050
Alexander Radulov scored a goal and added two assists for the Predator .	Alexander Radulov scored a goal and added two assists for the Predators .	sing_plur	9052
The UK must learn the lesson and hold its nerve .	The UK must learn the lessons and hold its nerve .	sing_plur	9053
These are not the firework of Disneyland .	These are not the fireworks of Disneyland .	sing_plur	9054
So were the red .	So were the reds .	sing_plur	9057
It did not identify the player .	It did not identify the players .	sing_plur	9058
The result shown for FY 2006 are audited .	The results shown for FY 2006 are audited .	sing_plur	9059
Some would escape and slither down the stair .	Some would escape and slither down the stairs .	sing_plur	9063
He always gave confidence to the player .	He always gave confidence to the players .	sing_plur	9065
The Americans have never failed to reach the semifinal .	The Americans have never failed to reach the semifinals .	sing_plur	9066
You cannot sit there and be totally engulfed by fire from the roof .	You cannot sit there and be totally engulfed by fire from the roofs .	sing_plur	9067
This saves a lot of time filling the ticket out .	This saves a lot of time filling the tickets out .	sing_plur	9068
The crew of the Dai Hong Dan then overwhelmed the hijacker .	The crew of the Dai Hong Dan then overwhelmed the hijackers .	sing_plur	9069
Presidents since Truman have pardoned the bird .	Presidents since Truman have pardoned the birds .	sing_plur	9070
The Department of Health refused to comment on the finding .	The Department of Health refused to comment on the findings .	sing_plur	9071
We have been in this position before and produced the good then .	We have been in this position before and produced the goods then .	sing_plur	9072
The astronaut moved and installed another fluid tray on Tuesday .	The astronauts moved and installed another fluid tray on Tuesday .	sing_plur	9073
The Russian Rescue Service confirmed three sailors were killed in the storm .	The Russian Rescue Service confirmed three sailors were killed in the storms .	sing_plur	9074
It is not about the Yankees making the playoff .	It is not about the Yankees making the playoffs .	sing_plur	9075
No information was available on the identity of the victims .	No information was available on the identities of the victims .	sing_plur	9076
The veracity of the tape could not immediately be confirmed .	The veracity of the tapes could not immediately be confirmed .	sing_plur	9078
Stickler said no MSHA-approved tracking technology was available to locate the miner .	Stickler said no MSHA-approved tracking technology was available to locate the miners .	sing_plur	9080
Wade said medical examiners were investigating the cause of death .	Wade said medical examiners were investigating the causes of death .	sing_plur	9083
CDT , AAR will hold a conference call to discuss the result .	CDT , AAR will hold a conference call to discuss the results .	sing_plur	9084
Mr. Boulud 's project is still in the work .	Mr. Boulud 's project is still in the works .	sing_plur	9085
The balance will not be comparable to historical periods .	The balances will not be comparable to historical periods .	sing_plur	9087
You cannot imagine the story of beatings .	You cannot imagine the stories of beatings .	sing_plur	9089
Envoys described the talk as recessed .	Envoys described the talks as recessed .	sing_plur	9090
The result indicated that the virus did not directly kill her .	The results indicated that the virus did not directly kill her .	sing_plur	9091
The prisoner ditched the stolen truck and carjacked another vehicle .	The prisoners ditched the stolen truck and carjacked another vehicle .	sing_plur	9094
The director countered with their own accusations of conflicted lawyers .	The directors countered with their own accusations of conflicted lawyers .	sing_plur	9095
The worker would be unfamiliar with computers .	The workers would be unfamiliar with computers .	sing_plur	9096
He has no interest in the medium .	He has no interest in the media .	sing_plur	9098
I made it abundantly clear why I have vetoed the bill .	I made it abundantly clear why I have vetoed the bills .	sing_plur	9100
The Gator won those matchups handily .	The Gators won those matchups handily .	sing_plur	9101
I shall examine each of the strand in turn .	I shall examine each of the strands in turn .	sing_plur	9102
Lawyers are urging an impartial commission to oversee the appointment .	Lawyers are urging an impartial commission to oversee the appointments .	sing_plur	9104
Interest was strongest among travelers between the age of 35 and 54 .	Interest was strongest among travelers between the ages of 35 and 54 .	sing_plur	9105
She insisted the child had been sick and needed help .	She insisted the children had been sick and needed help .	sing_plur	9107
Adenocarcinoma begins in the cells that form the lining of the lung .	Adenocarcinoma begins in the cells that form the lining of the lungs .	sing_plur	9108
The bomb killed " numerous enemy personnel , " it said .	The bombs killed " numerous enemy personnel , " it said .	sing_plur	9109
The man , Iraqis , had guns .	The men , Iraqis , had guns .	sing_plur	9110
Imported drugs cost up to double the local make .	Imported drugs cost up to double the local makes .	sing_plur	9111
The participant likely will be announced during Super Bowl week .	The participants likely will be announced during Super Bowl week .	sing_plur	9113
The finding will be presented via poster presentation on Friday , November 9 .	The findings will be presented via poster presentation on Friday , November 9 .	sing_plur	9114
Put the hour in .	Put the hours in .	sing_plur	9115
In many offices , the only covered women are the cleaner .	In many offices , the only covered women are the cleaners .	sing_plur	9116
That is not to say the property will remain untouched .	That is not to say the properties will remain untouched .	sing_plur	9118
Many of the radio did not work .	Many of the radios did not work .	sing_plur	9119
The team had met only once before .	The teams had met only once before .	sing_plur	9120
In all honesty , we did not deserve to make the playoff .	In all honesty , we did not deserve to make the playoffs .	sing_plur	9122
Over the year , Layton-Robbins has retreated into the sanctuary herself .	Over the years , Layton-Robbins has retreated into the sanctuary herself .	sing_plur	9124
Any serious Labour opposition would jeopardise the plan .	Any serious Labour opposition would jeopardise the plans .	sing_plur	9125
There is one set of rules for us , the customer .	There is one set of rules for us , the customers .	sing_plur	9126
On November 17th Kosovo Albanians go to the poll .	On November 17th Kosovo Albanians go to the polls .	sing_plur	9127
It was so cold that the camera kept seizing up .	It was so cold that the cameras kept seizing up .	sing_plur	9128
The key jingled .	The keys jingled .	sing_plur	9129
Gwynedd councillor Ernest Williams said he sympathised with the resident .	Gwynedd councillor Ernest Williams said he sympathised with the residents .	sing_plur	9130
The new study follows up the same man for another ten years .	The new study follows up the same men for another ten years .	sing_plur	9131
So did the muffin .	So did the muffins .	sing_plur	9134
The finding of this study bear this out .	The findings of this study bear this out .	sing_plur	9136
Kline 's office did not immediately comment on the charge .	Kline 's office did not immediately comment on the charges .	sing_plur	9137
Optimists took that to mean another interest-rate cut is on the card .	Optimists took that to mean another interest-rate cut is on the cards .	sing_plur	9138
Some say the method helped get information that prevented terrorist attacks .	Some say the methods helped get information that prevented terrorist attacks .	sing_plur	9139
But they aren 't considered the favorite .	But they aren 't considered the favorites .	sing_plur	9140
The money would be passed on by growers to the worker .	The money would be passed on by growers to the workers .	sing_plur	9141
The nerve in my lower left leg shut up shop .	The nerves in my lower left leg shut up shop .	sing_plur	9146
The school has 260 pupils , between the age of seven and eight .	The school has 260 pupils , between the ages of seven and eight .	sing_plur	9149
But the model strutting down the runway were of the four-legged variety .	But the models strutting down the runway were of the four-legged variety .	sing_plur	9150
Union officials declined to comment on the negotiation .	Union officials declined to comment on the negotiations .	sing_plur	9151
You can almost see the gear turning in her head .	You can almost see the gears turning in her head .	sing_plur	9152
The work is gone , and so are the worker .	The work is gone , and so are the workers .	sing_plur	9153
It exemplifies the bipolar element in all people .	It exemplifies the bipolar elements in all people .	sing_plur	9154
Pereiro finished 57 seconds behind Landis in the final standing .	Pereiro finished 57 seconds behind Landis in the final standings .	sing_plur	9156
The result exceeded analyst expectations .	The results exceeded analyst expectations .	sing_plur	9158
Save the child !	Save the children !	sing_plur	9160
But some experts are warning there is not enough detail in the plan .	But some experts are warning there is not enough detail in the plans .	sing_plur	9161
The bank recently submitted their own defences against the OFT 's case .	The banks recently submitted their own defences against the OFT 's case .	sing_plur	9163
That is the difference between the country .	That is the difference between the countries .	sing_plur	9165
The charge came to nothing .	The charges came to nothing .	sing_plur	9167
Iraqis greeted the ruling with relief .	Iraqis greeted the rulings with relief .	sing_plur	9168
But no independent observers have yet confirmed the allegation .	But no independent observers have yet confirmed the allegations .	sing_plur	9169
A puppeteer and choreographer named Mak Wilson worked the control .	A puppeteer and choreographer named Mak Wilson worked the controls .	sing_plur	9173
But Seoul 's Foreign Ministry declined to confirm the report .	But Seoul 's Foreign Ministry declined to confirm the reports .	sing_plur	9174
Every great city has homeless people on the street .	Every great city has homeless people on the streets .	sing_plur	9175
Now we are the champion of modern Britain .	Now we are the champions of modern Britain .	sing_plur	9176
It is really up to the voter to make these decisions .	It is really up to the voters to make these decisions .	sing_plur	9177
Both times , the Terrapins turned the miscue into touchdowns .	Both times , the Terrapins turned the miscues into touchdowns .	sing_plur	9178
The councillor represented the county council and six district councils .	The councillors represented the county council and six district councils .	sing_plur	9179
The clerk would puzzle over the answer .	The clerks would puzzle over the answer .	sing_plur	9180
He said he would appeal against the sentence .	He said he would appeal against the sentences .	sing_plur	9181
The experiment used early stage frog embryos consisting of just eight cells .	The experiments used early stage frog embryos consisting of just eight cells .	sing_plur	9182
Marbury was in no position to dispute the fan .	Marbury was in no position to dispute the fans .	sing_plur	9184
But keep the tissue handy .	But keep the tissues handy .	sing_plur	9185
Government officials were not immediately available for comment on the allegation .	Government officials were not immediately available for comment on the allegations .	sing_plur	9186
Locals do not appreciate the insinuation .	Locals do not appreciate the insinuations .	sing_plur	9189
Click here to see the photo .	Click here to see the photos .	sing_plur	9190
These projections provide the answer .	These projections provide the answers .	sing_plur	9192
Sinfield adds the extra .	Sinfield adds the extras .	sing_plur	9193
The resident declined to be named for fear of official reprisals .	The residents declined to be named for fear of official reprisals .	sing_plur	9195
Donors may also contact the charity directly .	Donors may also contact the charities directly .	sing_plur	9197
The next morning , soldiers spotted the man leaving .	The next morning , soldiers spotted the men leaving .	sing_plur	9198
The Diamondback also clinched home-field advantage throughout the NL playoffs .	The Diamondbacks also clinched home-field advantage throughout the NL playoffs .	sing_plur	9202
It is now like a suburb on the outskirt of Mogadishu .	It is now like a suburb on the outskirts of Mogadishu .	sing_plur	9203
TORM holds purchase options on three of the charter .	TORM holds purchase options on three of the charters .	sing_plur	9204
The paper , dumped by helicopter , bore an angry diatribe against Colom .	The papers , dumped by helicopter , bore an angry diatribe against Colom .	sing_plur	9207
NHS Forth Valley chairman , Ian Mullen welcomed the appointment .	NHS Forth Valley chairman , Ian Mullen welcomed the appointments .	sing_plur	9208
They did not , and they saw the result .	They did not , and they saw the results .	sing_plur	9209
Both have refuted the claim .	Both have refuted the claims .	sing_plur	9210
The first new employee could occupy the space in 2009 .	The first new employees could occupy the space in 2009 .	sing_plur	9211
He says that the result could be consistent with occasional consumption of cocaine .	He says that the results could be consistent with occasional consumption of cocaine .	sing_plur	9213
Some said they now prefer the way it works with the fruit .	Some said they now prefer the way it works with the fruits .	sing_plur	9214
The Epson PM Snap scored 1.24ppm for the same print .	The Epson PM Snap scored 1.24ppm for the same prints .	sing_plur	9215
We are like the bisexual of the culture .	We are like the bisexuals of the culture .	sing_plur	9219
There have indeed been high-profile problems with such firms over the year .	There have indeed been high-profile problems with such firms over the years .	sing_plur	9222
At the same time the curator tried to avoid stretching the comparisons .	At the same time the curators tried to avoid stretching the comparisons .	sing_plur	9224
Carefully follow the sign .	Carefully follow the signs .	sing_plur	9226
Residents can comment on the plan until 30 November .	Residents can comment on the plans until 30 November .	sing_plur	9227
No decision has been made on the fate of the dog .	No decision has been made on the fate of the dogs .	sing_plur	9228
Armenians have campaigned for the killing to be described internationally as genocide .	Armenians have campaigned for the killings to be described internationally as genocide .	sing_plur	9229
The writer he most admires speak to him with frightening intimacy .	The writers he most admires speak to him with frightening intimacy .	sing_plur	9230
On the road The distance driven were also noted .	On the road The distances driven were also noted .	sing_plur	9231
This technology allows the artist to seamlessly transform from scene to scene .	This technology allows the artists to seamlessly transform from scene to scene .	sing_plur	9232
This was the first regular-season meeting ever between the team .	This was the first regular-season meeting ever between the teams .	sing_plur	9233
Chavez said he ruled out a military operation to free the hostage .	Chavez said he ruled out a military operation to free the hostages .	sing_plur	9234
They showed no remorse and taunted relatives of the victim in court .	They showed no remorse and taunted relatives of the victims in court .	sing_plur	9236
It was the warming , according to the researcher .	It was the warming , according to the researchers .	sing_plur	9237
Both players blasted the press for spreading the rumour .	Both players blasted the press for spreading the rumours .	sing_plur	9239
The crowd went wild , the medium ate it up .	The crowd went wild , the media ate it up .	sing_plur	9242
Fergie usually waits until we have mathematically qualified before ringing the change .	Fergie usually waits until we have mathematically qualified before ringing the changes .	sing_plur	9244
At least two children were sickened by the fume .	At least two children were sickened by the fumes .	sing_plur	9245
The professional panicked .	The professionals panicked .	sing_plur	9246
After the Kid Leave Home .	After the Kids Leave Home .	sing_plur	9248
The officer could not be reached for comment yesterday .	The officers could not be reached for comment yesterday .	sing_plur	9249
Many see the war in Iraq and Afghanistan as assaults on Islam .	Many see the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan as assaults on Islam .	sing_plur	9250
I do not think he understood what the possible consequence could be .	I do not think he understood what the possible consequences could be .	sing_plur	9253
Rising unemployment may push some men to display their machismo on the street .	Rising unemployment may push some men to display their machismo on the streets .	sing_plur	9254
The Researcher Discovered That The Tumours Decreased In Size .	The Researchers Discovered That The Tumours Decreased In Size .	sing_plur	9260
For the Hokie , it may have helped .	For the Hokies , it may have helped .	sing_plur	9263
All referenced product names are the trademark of their respective companies .	All referenced product names are the trademarks of their respective companies .	sing_plur	9264
And then there were the unanswered question .	And then there were the unanswered questions .	sing_plur	9265
We disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statement made in this report .	We disclaim any obligation to update the forward-looking statements made in this report .	sing_plur	9266
The workbook arrived within two weeks , Main said .	The workbooks arrived within two weeks , Main said .	sing_plur	9267
We are proud of the effort by AUD .	We are proud of the efforts by AUD .	sing_plur	9269
The package mentioned are per person and include three meals a day .	The packages mentioned are per person and include three meals a day .	sing_plur	9271
Bain said he then contacted Thompson , the attorney for the nanny .	Bain said he then contacted Thompson , the attorney for the nannies .	sing_plur	9272
The authority come and confiscate your monkey .	The authorities come and confiscate your monkey .	sing_plur	9274
Among the highlight is French artist Xavier De Richemont 's project .	Among the highlights is French artist Xavier De Richemont 's project .	sing_plur	9277
COSPAS is the acronym for the Russian search-and-rescue satellite .	COSPAS is the acronym for the Russian search-and-rescue satellites .	sing_plur	9279
At least 10.5 million have also been displaced or marooned by the flood .	At least 10.5 million have also been displaced or marooned by the floods .	sing_plur	9281
North Carolina encapsulates the force remaking American manufacturing .	North Carolina encapsulates the forces remaking American manufacturing .	sing_plur	9282
Such tribunals review the case of patients held under the Mental Health Act .	Such tribunals review the cases of patients held under the Mental Health Act .	sing_plur	9283
Soldiers on the street confiscated cameras and video-recording cellphones .	Soldiers on the streets confiscated cameras and video-recording cellphones .	sing_plur	9284
The appraisal can be used when the deputy goes for promotion .	The appraisals can be used when the deputy goes for promotion .	sing_plur	9286
This week it agreed to soften the rule .	This week it agreed to soften the rules .	sing_plur	9288
Their misfortunes are haunting those left living on the same street .	Their misfortunes are haunting those left living on the same streets .	sing_plur	9289
Consider the rule in defamation law .	Consider the rules in defamation law .	sing_plur	9290
Now NATO has been forced publicly to condemn the Georgian authority .	Now NATO has been forced publicly to condemn the Georgian authorities .	sing_plur	9291
Prepare by educating yourself on the company .	Prepare by educating yourself on the companies .	sing_plur	9293
Frank Trigeiro loves to play the slot .	Frank Trigeiro loves to play the slots .	sing_plur	9295
Over the year , the recollections became a mountain .	Over the years , the recollections became a mountain .	sing_plur	9296
Mr Holland was asked if he thought Mr Fallon knew the man .	Mr Holland was asked if he thought Mr Fallon knew the men .	sing_plur	9298
What is telling is that the neighbor did not complain .	What is telling is that the neighbors did not complain .	sing_plur	9299
The company could not immediately be reached for comment .	The companies could not immediately be reached for comment .	sing_plur	9300
The bar withdrew the ban after the lawsuit was filed .	The bars withdrew the ban after the lawsuit was filed .	sing_plur	9302
The performer talked to the audience about each piece .	The performers talked to the audience about each piece .	sing_plur	9303
Following are the winning students in the respective category : 1 .	Following are the winning students in the respective categories : 1 .	sing_plur	9304
In other states , heirs retain the right .	In other states , heirs retain the rights .	sing_plur	9305
He has not pitched in the big league since .	He has not pitched in the big leagues since .	sing_plur	9306
They were released into woods in County Longford in the north midland .	They were released into woods in County Longford in the north midlands .	sing_plur	9307
John Zarrella gives us the detail .	John Zarrella gives us the details .	sing_plur	9310
The number could also be useful for law enforcement .	The numbers could also be useful for law enforcement .	sing_plur	9315
More onerous regulatory compliance activities are also contributing to the higher cost .	More onerous regulatory compliance activities are also contributing to the higher costs .	sing_plur	9316
It is a large-scale attack , by the look of things .	It is a large-scale attack , by the looks of things .	sing_plur	9317
They are not about the cowboy themselves .	They are not about the cowboys themselves .	sing_plur	9318
The fingertip of his calloused right hand dug into wet grass .	The fingertips of his calloused right hand dug into wet grass .	sing_plur	9319
But the raid also reignited debate about the technology .	But the raids also reignited debate about the technology .	sing_plur	9320
Poland and Romania vehemently denied the charge .	Poland and Romania vehemently denied the charges .	sing_plur	9321
The guy chasing him need to find another gear .	The guys chasing him need to find another gear .	sing_plur	9322
The new title included political party papers and a satirical journal .	The new titles included political party papers and a satirical journal .	sing_plur	9323
" I hear the name , " Bruce said .	" I hear the names , " Bruce said .	sing_plur	9324
As the monk marched , they chanted sermons , avoiding explicit anti-government gestures .	As the monks marched , they chanted sermons , avoiding explicit anti-government gestures .	sing_plur	9325
" That is up to the coach , " Ellis said .	" That is up to the coaches , " Ellis said .	sing_plur	9328
The administration has already begun changing the rule for compensation .	The administration has already begun changing the rules for compensation .	sing_plur	9330
Faisal Streets , Said The Source .	Faisal Streets , Said The Sources .	sing_plur	9331
Iran denies the allegation .	Iran denies the allegations .	sing_plur	9332
The Bear ( 1-3 ) kept reeling at Detroit .	The Bears ( 1-3 ) kept reeling at Detroit .	sing_plur	9333
They were only worried about preparing for the playoff .	They were only worried about preparing for the playoffs .	sing_plur	9334
The tourist provided police with photographs of the accused .	The tourists provided police with photographs of the accused .	sing_plur	9335
The patient had completed surgery and chemotherapy for early breast cancer .	The patients had completed surgery and chemotherapy for early breast cancer .	sing_plur	9340
On Monday , the role will be reversed .	On Monday , the roles will be reversed .	sing_plur	9341
So off go the box filled with Joseph Heller and Homer .	So off go the boxes filled with Joseph Heller and Homer .	sing_plur	9342
Six days later he again demanded the fund .	Six days later he again demanded the funds .	sing_plur	9343
" My first priority is the Yankee , " Posada said .	" My first priority is the Yankees , " Posada said .	sing_plur	9344
And they are not the Republican of 2004 .	And they are not the Republicans of 2004 .	sing_plur	9345
The Inspector General immediately refuted the allegation .	The Inspector General immediately refuted the allegations .	sing_plur	9346
Ankara has so far rejected the proposal as inadequate .	Ankara has so far rejected the proposals as inadequate .	sing_plur	9348
It is the other document , intercepts .	It is the other documents , intercepts .	sing_plur	9349
But the Pakistani have hundreds -- thousands of kilograms of highly-enriched uranium .	But the Pakistanis have hundreds -- thousands of kilograms of highly-enriched uranium .	sing_plur	9350
There was no official confirmation from the Iranian authority .	There was no official confirmation from the Iranian authorities .	sing_plur	9351
Environmental groups and government agencies have worked to raise awareness of the nest .	Environmental groups and government agencies have worked to raise awareness of the nests .	sing_plur	9352
Blackwater and U.S. officials have refused to comment on the event .	Blackwater and U.S. officials have refused to comment on the events .	sing_plur	9355
The family of many murder victims felt betrayed .	The families of many murder victims felt betrayed .	sing_plur	9356
The share fell 0.25p to 4p .	The shares fell 0.25p to 4p .	sing_plur	9357
Those are the difference in the ballgame .	Those are the differences in the ballgame .	sing_plur	9359
There was no indication he was injured by the dog .	There was no indication he was injured by the dogs .	sing_plur	9361
The other shows are owned by the network that broadcast them .	The other shows are owned by the networks that broadcast them .	sing_plur	9362
I answer for the result .	I answer for the results .	sing_plur	9363
Forget the turbulence in the financial market and the subprime debacle .	Forget the turbulence in the financial markets and the subprime debacle .	sing_plur	9364
The worker found a door unlocked and removed the child .	The workers found a door unlocked and removed the child .	sing_plur	9366
Pharmaceutical companies , private equity firms and others oppose the change .	Pharmaceutical companies , private equity firms and others oppose the changes .	sing_plur	9367
This film is among the supreme achievement of screen drama .	This film is among the supreme achievements of screen drama .	sing_plur	9370
Some of those who are willing to become judges lack the necessary qualification .	Some of those who are willing to become judges lack the necessary qualifications .	sing_plur	9372
In a Handel opera you are singing the same word over and over .	In a Handel opera you are singing the same words over and over .	sing_plur	9373
That left the fan with plenty of material .	That left the fans with plenty of material .	sing_plur	9374
Police told the passenger to run away .	Police told the passengers to run away .	sing_plur	9377
Buying on the dip did not work either .	Buying on the dips did not work either .	sing_plur	9381
The element will not do it for them .	The elements will not do it for them .	sing_plur	9382
The general in charge will just find a way around it .	The generals in charge will just find a way around it .	sing_plur	9383
Dairy farms would have to erect sizable facilities to raise the maggot .	Dairy farms would have to erect sizable facilities to raise the maggots .	sing_plur	9384
Look at the trillion of dollars spent on weapons .	Look at the trillions of dollars spent on weapons .	sing_plur	9385
As for Ronaldinho , well the rumor just will not go away .	As for Ronaldinho , well the rumors just will not go away .	sing_plur	9386
We are not interested in any of the alternative .	We are not interested in any of the alternatives .	sing_plur	9387
The mat formed a Twister board measuring 4,699 square feet .	The mats formed a Twister board measuring 4,699 square feet .	sing_plur	9389
Children are not the only one suffering from mental stress in Iraq .	Children are not the only ones suffering from mental stress in Iraq .	sing_plur	9390
The official ruled that Cole handled Agbonlahor 's header on the goal-line .	The officials ruled that Cole handled Agbonlahor 's header on the goal-line .	sing_plur	9391
The latest arrest followed Monday 's huge rally by Fatah .	The latest arrests followed Monday 's huge rally by Fatah .	sing_plur	9392
In theory , the parent could be charged within days .	In theory , the parents could be charged within days .	sing_plur	9394
The fate of the abductee is a highly emotive issue in Japan .	The fate of the abductees is a highly emotive issue in Japan .	sing_plur	9395
Seal the seam with duct tape .	Seal the seams with duct tape .	sing_plur	9396
That is a fair statement born out of the fact .	That is a fair statement born out of the facts .	sing_plur	9397
Charities may also help cover the cost .	Charities may also help cover the costs .	sing_plur	9398
The youngsters certainly were not overwhelmed by the circumstance .	The youngsters certainly were not overwhelmed by the circumstances .	sing_plur	9399
Packages are flying off the shelf .	Packages are flying off the shelves .	sing_plur	9400
Laboratory results from soil samples are expected in the week ahead .	Laboratory results from soil samples are expected in the weeks ahead .	sing_plur	9402
The facility at Papworth may also be a factor .	The facilities at Papworth may also be a factor .	sing_plur	9403
Lovett said the musicians often are critical to the song .	Lovett said the musicians often are critical to the songs .	sing_plur	9405
During the investigation , Levingston falsely denied the allegation .	During the investigation , Levingston falsely denied the allegations .	sing_plur	9406
The write-down had been expected .	The write-downs had been expected .	sing_plur	9407
The film will also be available on Glamour 's Web site .	The films will also be available on Glamour 's Web site .	sing_plur	9408
You cannot hear the fan .	You cannot hear the fans .	sing_plur	9409
100,393 fans thronged the Hampden slopes as Scotland entertained the mighty Italian .	100,393 fans thronged the Hampden slopes as Scotland entertained the mighty Italians .	sing_plur	9410
And then there are the hang-up .	And then there are the hang-ups .	sing_plur	9411
No nursing-home-chain owners were represented at the hearing .	No nursing-home-chain owners were represented at the hearings .	sing_plur	9412
" The file just sat there , " he said .	" The files just sat there , " he said .	sing_plur	9414
Joey Harrington and Chris Redman are the only other quarterback on the roster .	Joey Harrington and Chris Redman are the only other quarterbacks on the roster .	sing_plur	9416
They are close to locating the woman from the photograph .	They are close to locating the woman from the photographs .	sing_plur	9418
In the interest of creating an open forum , original submissions are invited .	In the interests of creating an open forum , original submissions are invited .	sing_plur	9420
Actual results may differ materially from the statement set forth above .	Actual results may differ materially from the statements set forth above .	sing_plur	9421
, for attempting to limit the amendment .	, for attempting to limit the amendments .	sing_plur	9422
But the trade proved unprofitable .	But the trades proved unprofitable .	sing_plur	9423
We were helping injured people to the ambulance .	We were helping injured people to the ambulances .	sing_plur	9424
In the week and months that followed , security was increased .	In the weeks and months that followed , security was increased .	sing_plur	9425
The other came as word of mouth spread .	The others came as word of mouth spread .	sing_plur	9426
Zuma complained he was being tried in the medium .	Zuma complained he was being tried in the media .	sing_plur	9427
The children sit down and listen to the debate and everything .	The children sit down and listen to the debates and everything .	sing_plur	9428
The Royals ' love of dogs stretches back over the decade .	The Royals ' love of dogs stretches back over the decades .	sing_plur	9429
The guard said they believed the compound was under attack from insurgents .	The guards said they believed the compound was under attack from insurgents .	sing_plur	9431
Yet they were the sideshow .	Yet they were the sideshows .	sing_plur	9432
It was awful to concede the goal like we did .	It was awful to concede the goals like we did .	sing_plur	9433
Among the holding used are four active mutual funds .	Among the holdings used are four active mutual funds .	sing_plur	9434
" " Our target was to qualify for the semi-final .	" " Our target was to qualify for the semi-finals .	sing_plur	9435
I mean , look at the child .	I mean , look at the children .	sing_plur	9438
Oh , how we resent the fortune made by footballers .	Oh , how we resent the fortunes made by footballers .	sing_plur	9439
Newspaper officials are asking former executives for information about the medal .	Newspaper officials are asking former executives for information about the medals .	sing_plur	9440
The wall in her house vibrate from gospel music .	The walls in her house vibrate from gospel music .	sing_plur	9441
And Mukasey should not be handed the key .	And Mukasey should not be handed the keys .	sing_plur	9442
The United States Bridge Federation has decided to get tough on the other .	The United States Bridge Federation has decided to get tough on the others .	sing_plur	9444
The Net stirred , scoring 6 unanswered points .	The Nets stirred , scoring 6 unanswered points .	sing_plur	9448
A bridge was built connecting the island to the shore .	A bridge was built connecting the islands to the shore .	sing_plur	9449
But he did , and the Net benefited .	But he did , and the Nets benefited .	sing_plur	9450
The doc discovered other cultural barriers to attacking obesity .	The docs discovered other cultural barriers to attacking obesity .	sing_plur	9452
The water in the river and reservoirs is no longer drinkable .	The water in the rivers and reservoirs is no longer drinkable .	sing_plur	9453
General Musharraf 's critics have been quick to exploit the loophole .	General Musharraf 's critics have been quick to exploit the loopholes .	sing_plur	9454
Then came another week off until the start of the playoff .	Then came another week off until the start of the playoffs .	sing_plur	9455
The destination varied .	The destinations varied .	sing_plur	9456
The released documents do not include alleged confessions by the defendant .	The released documents do not include alleged confessions by the defendants .	sing_plur	9458
The product offered may change by the time the disc goes on sale .	The products offered may change by the time the disc goes on sale .	sing_plur	9460
Government intervention will also mean increased cost to the consumer .	Government intervention will also mean increased cost to the consumers .	sing_plur	9462
Finally , we remembered the doll .	Finally , we remembered the dolls .	sing_plur	9463
He has denied ordering or taking part in the killing .	He has denied ordering or taking part in the killings .	sing_plur	9464
The black outlines of each tree are already glazed into the tile .	The black outlines of each tree are already glazed into the tiles .	sing_plur	9465
The result may be known but many unanswered questions remain .	The results may be known but many unanswered questions remain .	sing_plur	9466
The document itemized information allegedly provided by Yahoo !	The documents itemized information allegedly provided by Yahoo !	sing_plur	9467
The child found it particularly so .	The children found it particularly so .	sing_plur	9468
The problem is for the outlying area .	The problem is for the outlying areas .	sing_plur	9469
Some of his teammates are scattered throughout the European league .	Some of his teammates are scattered throughout the European leagues .	sing_plur	9470
The State Department issued a similarly worded condemnation of the attack .	The State Department issued a similarly worded condemnation of the attacks .	sing_plur	9471
The fat mouse did not have it .	The fat mice did not have it .	sing_plur	9473
The job of paparazzi , however , may be under threat .	The jobs of paparazzi , however , may be under threat .	sing_plur	9474
There is an option of just eating meals at the camp .	There is an option of just eating meals at the camps .	sing_plur	9475
He did not say anything and just handed me the paper .	He did not say anything and just handed me the papers .	sing_plur	9476
These are some of the highlight .	These are some of the highlights .	sing_plur	9477
Let us count the way .	Let us count the ways .	sing_plur	9478
Soldiers have maintained a visible presence on the street of Yangon .	Soldiers have maintained a visible presence on the streets of Yangon .	sing_plur	9479
I would live for the weekend .	I would live for the weekends .	sing_plur	9481
The company would not provide figures for how much revenue the guides generate .	The companies would not provide figures for how much revenue the guides generate .	sing_plur	9482
It is not a sign of the time .	It is not a sign of the times .	sing_plur	9484
The cast is superb , the situation provocative .	The cast is superb , the situations provocative .	sing_plur	9485
The new term still must be approved by shareholders .	The new terms still must be approved by shareholders .	sing_plur	9486
The rule brought an outcry from business and labor groups .	The rules brought an outcry from business and labor groups .	sing_plur	9488
They then were questioned individually by the lawyer and judge .	They then were questioned individually by the lawyers and judge .	sing_plur	9489
The minister immediately began their first cabinet meeting .	The ministers immediately began their first cabinet meeting .	sing_plur	9493
She urged anyone with information about the death to come forward .	She urged anyone with information about the deaths to come forward .	sing_plur	9494
Under the circumstance , that should hardly a surprise .	Under the circumstances , that should hardly a surprise .	sing_plur	9495
Police have not yet released the name of the victims .	Police have not yet released the names of the victims .	sing_plur	9497
To be honest , it does not matter who is scoring the goal .	To be honest , it does not matter who is scoring the goals .	sing_plur	9499
These individuals were not committed to the way of the past .	These individuals were not committed to the ways of the past .	sing_plur	9500
Part of the challenge for retailers will be getting shoppers into the store .	Part of the challenge for retailers will be getting shoppers into the stores .	sing_plur	9501
The program will be available as free downloads from the I.B.M. Web site .	The programs will be available as free downloads from the I.B.M. Web site .	sing_plur	9502
In fact , the prosecutable image produced have exceeded our expectations .	In fact , the prosecutable images produced have exceeded our expectations .	sing_plur	9504
The company said the deal would help expand the reach of both .	The companies said the deal would help expand the reach of both .	sing_plur	9506
Burnham remembered the bad old day at South Florida .	Burnham remembered the bad old days at South Florida .	sing_plur	9507
The starter got us into that situation .	The starters got us into that situation .	sing_plur	9510
Indeed , Imeish often finds himself working into the wee hour .	Indeed , Imeish often finds himself working into the wee hours .	sing_plur	9512
The cell actually became plump as they accumulated fat droplets , Graff says .	The cells actually became plump as they accumulated fat droplets , Graff says .	sing_plur	9513
The Diamondback lost 2-1 to San Francisco .	The Diamondbacks lost 2-1 to San Francisco .	sing_plur	9514
However , critics said the measure discriminate against foreigners and violate their privacy .	However , critics said the measures discriminate against foreigners and violate their privacy .	sing_plur	9515
She ordered the man to leave .	She ordered the men to leave .	sing_plur	9516
The latest victim moved the overall death toll to seven .	The latest victims moved the overall death toll to seven .	sing_plur	9517
One death resulting from the flood has been confirmed .	One death resulting from the floods has been confirmed .	sing_plur	9518
PPP should still take part in the election .	PPP should still take part in the elections .	sing_plur	9519
The circumstance could change in a split second .	The circumstances could change in a split second .	sing_plur	9520
Service revenue was 11.3 % of the total revenue for the quarter .	Service revenue was 11.3 % of the total revenues for the quarter .	sing_plur	9521
You also can get trendsetting style without breaking the bank .	You also can get trendsetting style without breaking the banks .	sing_plur	9522
The charge had not been changed as of yesterday .	The charges had not been changed as of yesterday .	sing_plur	9523
But this is not about the Bill .	But this is not about the Bills .	sing_plur	9525
According to the statistic , roughly 575 attacks occurred last week .	According to the statistics , roughly 575 attacks occurred last week .	sing_plur	9526
About $ 1 million will be devoted to the exchange .	About $ 1 million will be devoted to the exchanges .	sing_plur	9527
Even our taxi drivers wax eloquent about their city -- the restaurant !	Even our taxi drivers wax eloquent about their city -- the restaurants !	sing_plur	9529
Despite the negative headline , she remained positive about its future .	Despite the negative headlines , she remained positive about its future .	sing_plur	9530
The NIS refused to confirm the report .	The NIS refused to confirm the reports .	sing_plur	9531
The professor dismissed that idea , too .	The professors dismissed that idea , too .	sing_plur	9532
Now , China is turning the table .	Now , China is turning the tables .	sing_plur	9534
There are also the requisite start-up chasing the market .	There are also the requisite start-ups chasing the market .	sing_plur	9536
He said that he planned to set out again into the mountain .	He said that he planned to set out again into the mountains .	sing_plur	9537
He would screen the call and make the appointments .	He would screen the calls and make the appointments .	sing_plur	9538
The FBI matched bullets from that box to the crime-scene bullet .	The FBI matched bullets from that box to the crime-scene bullets .	sing_plur	9539
The ad for Fox started running soon after midnight .	The ads for Fox started running soon after midnight .	sing_plur	9540
U.S. authorities are still reviewing the suffix .	U.S. authorities are still reviewing the suffixes .	sing_plur	9541
The kid claimed I had lured them there under false pretences .	The kids claimed I had lured them there under false pretences .	sing_plur	9543
Because of my custody arrangement , I have her only on the weekend .	Because of my custody arrangement , I have her only on the weekends .	sing_plur	9544
He said the officer followed him into Frey 's office and arrested him .	He said the officers followed him into Frey 's office and arrested him .	sing_plur	9545
The order may have come directly from the White House .	The orders may have come directly from the White House .	sing_plur	9546
The bathroom in first class become filthy soon after a trip begins .	The bathrooms in first class become filthy soon after a trip begins .	sing_plur	9548
The share climbed to $ 128 in earlier trading .	The shares climbed to $ 128 in earlier trading .	sing_plur	9551
The boisterous celebrations take place on the train before and after games .	The boisterous celebrations take place on the trains before and after games .	sing_plur	9552
The file would degrade after the seven-day period and be unwatchable .	The files would degrade after the seven-day period and be unwatchable .	sing_plur	9554
Corporate & Other includes the cost related to the Strategic Cost Reductions .	Corporate & Other includes the costs related to the Strategic Cost Reductions .	sing_plur	9555
In the next week , the boys had a sleepover .	In the next weeks , the boys had a sleepover .	sing_plur	9559
Click here to view the picture .	Click here to view the pictures .	sing_plur	9560
Two of the myth come from optical illusions , they said .	Two of the myths come from optical illusions , they said .	sing_plur	9561
The official also said the employee had properly performed the computer contract .	The officials also said the employee had properly performed the computer contract .	sing_plur	9562
The company has adamantly denied the allegation .	The company has adamantly denied the allegations .	sing_plur	9564
Next week 's delegates will be mindful of the consequence of failure .	Next week 's delegates will be mindful of the consequences of failure .	sing_plur	9567
The logistic for theater creation can be difficult .	The logistics for theater creation can be difficult .	sing_plur	9568
The number , the stats , he does not care .	The numbers , the stats , he does not care .	sing_plur	9571
The crop would have to wait .	The crops would have to wait .	sing_plur	9572
Now in a sudden turnabout they have reinstated the original plan .	Now in a sudden turnabout they have reinstated the original plans .	sing_plur	9573
The borrower would not be able to repay the loans .	The borrowers would not be able to repay the loans .	sing_plur	9574
Ellis was playing his fourth game with the Predator .	Ellis was playing his fourth game with the Predators .	sing_plur	9575
The player exchanged groundstrokes and held serves until Peer served at 4-5 .	The players exchanged groundstrokes and held serves until Peer served at 4-5 .	sing_plur	9577
Then the researcher examined different types of cancer .	Then the researchers examined different types of cancer .	sing_plur	9579
The family expressed mixed emotions after leaving the 1927 mining cottages .	The families expressed mixed emotions after leaving the 1927 mining cottages .	sing_plur	9581
In those instances anyone can sit nearby and intercept the datum .	In those instances anyone can sit nearby and intercept the data .	sing_plur	9582
This is the moment when your dedication defied the skeptic .	This is the moment when your dedication defied the skeptics .	sing_plur	9583
By then , the Celtic had 13 losses .	By then , the Celtics had 13 losses .	sing_plur	9584
The performance took place at the United Palace Theater in Washington Heights .	The performances took place at the United Palace Theater in Washington Heights .	sing_plur	9585
They did not specify what foods might include the additive .	They did not specify what foods might include the additives .	sing_plur	9586
Even satellite radio does not seem immune from the change .	Even satellite radio does not seem immune from the changes .	sing_plur	9588
The share closed down 115p at 440p .	The shares closed down 115p at 440p .	sing_plur	9590
The tissue can become infected , turning black and oozing puss .	The tissues can become infected , turning black and oozing puss .	sing_plur	9591
They had gone on a picnic in the mountain .	They had gone on a picnic in the mountains .	sing_plur	9593
Mr. Mahoney said he shared the concern about domestic issues .	Mr. Mahoney said he shared the concerns about domestic issues .	sing_plur	9596
Mr. Zoellick recently cut interest rates charged to the middle-income country .	Mr. Zoellick recently cut interest rates charged to the middle-income countries .	sing_plur	9598
The university system quickly halted sales and pulled the wine from the shelf .	The university system quickly halted sales and pulled the wine from the shelves .	sing_plur	9599
The tree will be given to the first 200 families who attend .	The trees will be given to the first 200 families who attend .	sing_plur	9601
Barron held roughly 5 % of the share .	Barron held roughly 5 % of the shares .	sing_plur	9604
There was even some singing in the street .	There was even some singing in the streets .	sing_plur	9605
Amazing what the result would be .	Amazing what the results would be .	sing_plur	9607
We feed our homeless people on the street .	We feed our homeless people on the streets .	sing_plur	9608
The pistol found alongside the body dated from 1903 , Baluchevsky said .	The pistol found alongside the bodies dated from 1903 , Baluchevsky said .	sing_plur	9610
Needless to say , my skin has thickened over the year .	Needless to say , my skin has thickened over the years .	sing_plur	9612
The employer will make it worth their time to .	The employers will make it worth their time to .	sing_plur	9613
Kathiresan collects the paper .	Kathiresan collects the papers .	sing_plur	9614
Pblico hopes to attract the population served by the free paper .	Pblico hopes to attract the population served by the free papers .	sing_plur	9615
I prefer the practical thing rather than things like writing .	I prefer the practical things rather than things like writing .	sing_plur	9616
The proceedings were deemed moot because the man had been transferred .	The proceedings were deemed moot because the men had been transferred .	sing_plur	9617
The house will never rotten. the houses will never fall .	The houses will never rotten. the houses will never fall .	sing_plur	9618
The move raised concerns the crackdown on civilians was set to intensify .	The moves raised concerns the crackdown on civilians was set to intensify .	sing_plur	9619
This prescription carried more than the usual implication .	This prescription carried more than the usual implications .	sing_plur	9620
They said they had not seen the prisoner for many months .	They said they had not seen the prisoners for many months .	sing_plur	9621
But it was not enough thanks to the knockdown .	But it was not enough thanks to the knockdowns .	sing_plur	9624
Even the mosquito cannot dampen my enthusiasm .	Even the mosquitoes cannot dampen my enthusiasm .	sing_plur	9625
Awards and additional accolades followed for Keys , as have the hit .	Awards and additional accolades followed for Keys , as have the hits .	sing_plur	9627
The vote will be taken Dec. 2 and announced the next day .	The votes will be taken Dec. 2 and announced the next day .	sing_plur	9628
Investigators collected DNA samples from the dog .	Investigators collected DNA samples from the dogs .	sing_plur	9629
It then creates images from the datum .	It then creates images from the data .	sing_plur	9630
To test your own skill , cover the East-West card .	To test your own skill , cover the East-West cards .	sing_plur	9631
Nor can the Aussie .	Nor can the Aussies .	sing_plur	9633
New York City 's Battery Park had the fewest germ .	New York City 's Battery Park had the fewest germs .	sing_plur	9635
The authority did not say how the fire was set .	The authorities did not say how the fire was set .	sing_plur	9637
Here are five myths about foot care and the reality behind them .	Here are five myths about foot care and the realities behind them .	sing_plur	9638
The woman paid $ 25 each to get here .	The women paid $ 25 each to get here .	sing_plur	9640
One was jailed for contempt , leaving the seven to fight the charge .	One was jailed for contempt , leaving the seven to fight the charges .	sing_plur	9641
The loss helped trigger a month-long rout in credit and stock markets worldwide .	The losses helped trigger a month-long rout in credit and stock markets worldwide .	sing_plur	9643
The author also warned that they would assassinate other tribal leaders .	The authors also warned that they would assassinate other tribal leaders .	sing_plur	9644
With that , Mr. Kim began making his way through the crowd .	With that , Mr. Kim began making his way through the crowds .	sing_plur	9645
BAE strenuously denies the charge .	BAE strenuously denies the charges .	sing_plur	9646
Relish the detail .	Relish the details .	sing_plur	9651
Toyota uses their exclusive whiplash Injury Lessening Technology on the front seat .	Toyota uses their exclusive whiplash Injury Lessening Technology on the front seats .	sing_plur	9652
Set the music free and charge for the service !	Set the music free and charge for the services !	sing_plur	9653
And then came the flood .	And then came the floods .	sing_plur	9655
Then the lie began .	Then the lies began .	sing_plur	9658
A company spokeswoman denounced the allegation .	A company spokeswoman denounced the allegations .	sing_plur	9659
At the moment , the decision to ground the plane is voluntary .	At the moment , the decision to ground the planes is voluntary .	sing_plur	9660
It reminded me of some of the spot in New York .	It reminded me of some of the spots in New York .	sing_plur	9661
Bonds allegedly feared embarrassment more than the fed .	Bonds allegedly feared embarrassment more than the feds .	sing_plur	9663
I looked at the top of the empty trees .	I looked at the tops of the empty trees .	sing_plur	9664
The walkie-talkie remained mute .	The walkie-talkies remained mute .	sing_plur	9665
The choir performed live in four airings from New York City this week .	The choirs performed live in four airings from New York City this week .	sing_plur	9666
Mills ' divorce from the ex-Beatle is going through the court .	Mills ' divorce from the ex-Beatle is going through the courts .	sing_plur	9667
The difference between the engineer and the druids is profound .	The difference between the engineers and the druids is profound .	sing_plur	9668
There are some signs in the top appointment he has made .	There are some signs in the top appointments he has made .	sing_plur	9669
There is a man who has no luck with the girl .	There is a man who has no luck with the girls .	sing_plur	9670
The scenario can be changed to fit various training objectives .	The scenarios can be changed to fit various training objectives .	sing_plur	9671
It crashed on the outskirt of the city .	It crashed on the outskirts of the city .	sing_plur	9672
He said further testing of the rock is necessary to confirm the finding .	He said further testing of the rock is necessary to confirm the findings .	sing_plur	9673
" Just keep it between the ditch , " he said .	" Just keep it between the ditches , " he said .	sing_plur	9675
Ford Motor Co. will go last in the negotiation .	Ford Motor Co. will go last in the negotiations .	sing_plur	9676
The figure could not be verified independently .	The figures could not be verified independently .	sing_plur	9677
China has not explained the motive behind the initial refusal .	China has not explained the motives behind the initial refusal .	sing_plur	9680
But without the usual offensive star , the Colts ' offense looked pedestrian .	But without the usual offensive stars , the Colts ' offense looked pedestrian .	sing_plur	9683
He said the change would be substantial .	He said the changes would be substantial .	sing_plur	9684
Additional information on the security discussed herein is available on request .	Additional information on the securities discussed herein is available on request .	sing_plur	9685
Only 7 percent choose Giuliani because they dislike the other candidate .	Only 7 percent choose Giuliani because they dislike the other candidates .	sing_plur	9686
It is now beginning to reap the dividend of a peace process .	It is now beginning to reap the dividends of a peace process .	sing_plur	9688
Only 11 apartments will use each of the keyed elevator .	Only 11 apartments will use each of the keyed elevators .	sing_plur	9689
For example , should the operator of China 's .	For example , should the operators of China 's .	sing_plur	9694
They then examined several cardiovascular characteristics of the child at age 7 .	They then examined several cardiovascular characteristics of the children at age 7 .	sing_plur	9695
It was the first-ever meeting between the school .	It was the first-ever meeting between the schools .	sing_plur	9696
The parent applauded .	The parents applauded .	sing_plur	9698
The delegate said the Iranians sought by Argentina are innocent .	The delegates said the Iranians sought by Argentina are innocent .	sing_plur	9701
You cannot combat extremism using the same method as extremists .	You cannot combat extremism using the same methods as extremists .	sing_plur	9702
He will earn his 98th cap against the Austrian .	He will earn his 98th cap against the Austrians .	sing_plur	9705
The Foreign Office does not have staff permanently based in the Maldive .	The Foreign Office does not have staff permanently based in the Maldives .	sing_plur	9706
About 1,500 people fled the fire , officials said .	About 1,500 people fled the fires , officials said .	sing_plur	9707
The doctor did not use anesthetics .	The doctors did not use anesthetics .	sing_plur	9709
" You 've got to listen to the doctor , " Pierce said .	" You 've got to listen to the doctors , " Pierce said .	sing_plur	9710
Mrs. Helmsley denied the charge .	Mrs. Helmsley denied the charges .	sing_plur	9713
Government officials also condemned the fire .	Government officials also condemned the fires .	sing_plur	9714
All of the head of state can sit down .	All of the heads of state can sit down .	sing_plur	9716
They advertised the king , popes and doges who commissioned them .	They advertised the kings , popes and doges who commissioned them .	sing_plur	9717
The case of Audine Graybill demonstrates the flaw in the system .	The case of Audine Graybill demonstrates the flaws in the system .	sing_plur	9718
Giuliani reported $ 11.6 million in the bank for the primary .	Giuliani reported $ 11.6 million in the bank for the primaries .	sing_plur	9719
Then came the playoff and his problems continued .	Then came the playoffs and his problems continued .	sing_plur	9720
and hear the honeyed buzzing of the bee .	and hear the honeyed buzzing of the bees .	sing_plur	9721
The group plans to announce the result of its survey on Monday .	The group plans to announce the results of its survey on Monday .	sing_plur	9722
All that was missing was the crowd .	All that was missing was the crowds .	sing_plur	9725
Those are the essential .	Those are the essentials .	sing_plur	9727
I feel so bad for the family of the murder victims .	I feel so bad for the families of the murder victims .	sing_plur	9728
It is not fair to the veteran .	It is not fair to the veterans .	sing_plur	9729
He now says this government will not repeat the mistake of the past .	He now says this government will not repeat the mistakes of the past .	sing_plur	9730
Rock stars are finding it hard to comply with the new regulation .	Rock stars are finding it hard to comply with the new regulations .	sing_plur	9731
Initial findings showed the guard fired 19 bullets .	Initial findings showed the guards fired 19 bullets .	sing_plur	9732
He rode a tram through the back stage at Universal Studios .	He rode a tram through the back stages at Universal Studios .	sing_plur	9733
The man ran .	The men ran .	sing_plur	9734
It is time to bring zero-tolerance policing to the street of Britain .	It is time to bring zero-tolerance policing to the streets of Britain .	sing_plur	9735
The figure emerged in a Parole Board for Scotland report .	The figures emerged in a Parole Board for Scotland report .	sing_plur	9737
They are doing what contemporary museums do , pushing the boundary .	They are doing what contemporary museums do , pushing the boundaries .	sing_plur	9739
The young dancer made great scooping , embracing motions with their arms .	The young dancers made great scooping , embracing motions with their arms .	sing_plur	9741
Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island were the only Republican to vote in favor .	Lincoln Chafee of Rhode Island were the only Republicans to vote in favor .	sing_plur	9742
But I have been got at by the scientist .	But I have been got at by the scientists .	sing_plur	9743
The gap in knowledge can be costly , Brobeck said .	The gaps in knowledge can be costly , Brobeck said .	sing_plur	9745
He celebrated by blowing a kiss to the sky .	He celebrated by blowing a kiss to the skies .	sing_plur	9746
The majority of the toys were recalled because they featured the small magnet .	The majority of the toys were recalled because they featured the small magnets .	sing_plur	9747
Home users can expect the chip in early 2008 .	Home users can expect the chips in early 2008 .	sing_plur	9751
Trying out the product , however , can be problematic .	Trying out the products , however , can be problematic .	sing_plur	9752
Novitzky led the investigation of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative and of Radomski .	Novitzky led the investigations of the Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative and of Radomski .	sing_plur	9753
Violence has spilt over into the neighboring republic of Ingushetia and Dagestan .	Violence has spilt over into the neighboring republics of Ingushetia and Dagestan .	sing_plur	9754
Police were looking for the perpetrator , Engelbrecht said .	Police were looking for the perpetrators , Engelbrecht said .	sing_plur	9755
Eamich declined to detail the inadequate control .	Eamich declined to detail the inadequate controls .	sing_plur	9757
The panel approved the use of localised biocides to treat the affected area .	The panel approved the use of localised biocides to treat the affected areas .	sing_plur	9758
The first BCS standing will be released on Sunday .	The first BCS standings will be released on Sunday .	sing_plur	9759
They sent e-mails detailing some of the situation they faced .	They sent e-mails detailing some of the situations they faced .	sing_plur	9763
The gunman had grenades and assault rifles .	The gunmen had grenades and assault rifles .	sing_plur	9765
Police are examining CCTV footage of the disturbance .	Police are examining CCTV footage of the disturbances .	sing_plur	9766
The light dimmed .	The lights dimmed .	sing_plur	9768
They loved the car and they said so .	They loved the cars and they said so .	sing_plur	9769
Holders who tender their Notes must consent to the Amendment .	Holders who tender their Notes must consent to the Amendments .	sing_plur	9770
The Scottish player must show self-belief .	The Scottish players must show self-belief .	sing_plur	9771
He will , he said , through the caucus .	He will , he said , through the caucuses .	sing_plur	9772
Some visitors make the sign of the cross as they enter the elevator .	Some visitors make the sign of the cross as they enter the elevators .	sing_plur	9774
By all means , the success should be highlighted and applauded .	By all means , the successes should be highlighted and applauded .	sing_plur	9775
Students jostled at the sill and screamed .	Students jostled at the sills and screamed .	sing_plur	9776
The student did not seem to know either .	The students did not seem to know either .	sing_plur	9777
This made the pronouncement a victory for everyone involved .	This made the pronouncements a victory for everyone involved .	sing_plur	9779
I am focusing on the Palestinian capacity .	I am focusing on the Palestinian capacities .	sing_plur	9780
And include the child .	And include the children .	sing_plur	9781
The British admiral did not even learn the lesson .	The British admirals did not even learn the lesson .	sing_plur	9782
The woman filed their motion yesterday seeking to intervene in the E.E.O.C. case .	The women filed their motion yesterday seeking to intervene in the E.E.O.C. case .	sing_plur	9787
The result in both periods largely reflected higher revenue from closed-end funds .	The results in both periods largely reflected higher revenue from closed-end funds .	sing_plur	9788
Matthews : The USA has the greatest entrepreneur in the world .	Matthews : The USA has the greatest entrepreneurs in the world .	sing_plur	9789
The silence is as important as the actual note .	The silence is as important as the actual notes .	sing_plur	9793
Then there is Hillary Clinton on the issue .	Then there is Hillary Clinton on the issues .	sing_plur	9796
That is what winning is doing for the surprising Blazer .	That is what winning is doing for the surprising Blazers .	sing_plur	9797
But Turkish officials said the measure had been offered before .	But Turkish officials said the measures had been offered before .	sing_plur	9798
I cannot fault the player .	I cannot fault the players .	sing_plur	9799
Uruguay rejects charges that the plant will pollute the border region .	Uruguay rejects charges that the plants will pollute the border region .	sing_plur	9800
He won the endorsement of several labor unions and activists .	He won the endorsements of several labor unions and activists .	sing_plur	9804
The monk insisted there be no violence and Pan Cha agreed .	The monks insisted there be no violence and Pan Cha agreed .	sing_plur	9805
The allegation that the university purposely or improperly destroyed documents are also untrue .	The allegations that the university purposely or improperly destroyed documents are also untrue .	sing_plur	9807
The Princess appears to be smiling and happy with the arrangement .	The Princess appears to be smiling and happy with the arrangements .	sing_plur	9808
The attack left 191 people dead and more than 1,800 injured .	The attacks left 191 people dead and more than 1,800 injured .	sing_plur	9810
I have been here for 10 years paying for the sin of others .	I have been here for 10 years paying for the sins of others .	sing_plur	9812
Tolls were included in the price of the trip .	Tolls were included in the price of the trips .	sing_plur	9813
The report also warned of the risk to the development of children .	The report also warned of the risks to the development of children .	sing_plur	9814
The parent must be allowed to find their own feet .	The parents must be allowed to find their own feet .	sing_plur	9815
Each time the Lakers threatened , the Celtic would pull away again .	Each time the Lakers threatened , the Celtics would pull away again .	sing_plur	9817
They say they are investigating the other case .	They say they are investigating the other cases .	sing_plur	9818
The bird essentially bleed to death , he said .	The birds essentially bleed to death , he said .	sing_plur	9819
Sports titles are the biggest seller .	Sports titles are the biggest sellers .	sing_plur	9820
She withdrew from the world with tendinitis in her right knee .	She withdrew from the worlds with tendinitis in her right knee .	sing_plur	9822
So far one person is known to have died in the flood .	So far one person is known to have died in the floods .	sing_plur	9823
For most Nicaraguans radio and TV are the main source of news .	For most Nicaraguans radio and TV are the main sources of news .	sing_plur	9824
The Cavalier finished the season ranked No. 23 .	The Cavaliers finished the season ranked No. 23 .	sing_plur	9825
And yet again we find it at the crossroad .	And yet again we find it at the crossroads .	sing_plur	9828
The change will come into force in March 2008 .	The changes will come into force in March 2008 .	sing_plur	9831
The Steeler regained the lead on their next possession .	The Steelers regained the lead on their next possession .	sing_plur	9832
At 36 , Gordon is approaching the final year of his career .	At 36 , Gordon is approaching the final years of his career .	sing_plur	9834
But the content of the tour varies .	But the content of the tours varies .	sing_plur	9835
The stake of relinquishing power have grown commensurately for Mr. Putin .	The stakes of relinquishing power have grown commensurately for Mr. Putin .	sing_plur	9836
Hurd said the injury included moderate burns and neck and back injuries .	Hurd said the injuries included moderate burns and neck and back injuries .	sing_plur	9838
If the expert found the evidence overwhelming , Absolute Poker did not .	If the experts found the evidence overwhelming , Absolute Poker did not .	sing_plur	9839
The abuse reportedly occurred in several locations in Haiti .	The abuses reportedly occurred in several locations in Haiti .	sing_plur	9841
They would run all over the place and bite the child .	They would run all over the place and bite the children .	sing_plur	9842
This may be the last act of an illustrious career .	This may be the last acts of an illustrious career .	sing_plur	9843
The operation will continue into 2008 .	The operations will continue into 2008 .	sing_plur	9845
These are the golden word in packaging use today .	These are the golden words in packaging use today .	sing_plur	9847
The machine will be used to support military operations .	The machines will be used to support military operations .	sing_plur	9848
We served not for the trapping of power .	We served not for the trappings of power .	sing_plur	9849
The Republican National Committee voted 121-9 Thursday to impose the penalty .	The Republican National Committee voted 121-9 Thursday to impose the penalties .	sing_plur	9851
The share fell further in after-hours trading to $ 30.09 .	The shares fell further in after-hours trading to $ 30.09 .	sing_plur	9852
Ludeke provides an excellent example of the difficulty involved .	Ludeke provides an excellent example of the difficulties involved .	sing_plur	9853
It is a staple of the movie .	It is a staple of the movies .	sing_plur	9854
The team had 63 points and 763 total yards in the first half .	The teams had 63 points and 763 total yards in the first half .	sing_plur	9855
They died in the early hour of August 31 .	They died in the early hours of August 31 .	sing_plur	9856
But it took centuries more to unravel the science behind the season .	But it took centuries more to unravel the science behind the seasons .	sing_plur	9857
The Bill recovered .	The Bills recovered .	sing_plur	9858
In all , 10 people were killed directly by the wildfire .	In all , 10 people were killed directly by the wildfires .	sing_plur	9859
This allows the vinegar to really break up the lime deposit .	This allows the vinegar to really break up the lime deposits .	sing_plur	9860
The CIA helped Libya 's spy agencies track down some of the leader .	The CIA helped Libya 's spy agencies track down some of the leaders .	sing_plur	9861
He said he could not comment on the other jurisdiction .	He said he could not comment on the other jurisdictions .	sing_plur	9862
The patient near Jimmy 's bed erupted with laughter .	The patients near Jimmy 's bed erupted with laughter .	sing_plur	9863
A press release was distributed , as were written statements of the commissioner .	A press release was distributed , as were written statements of the commissioners .	sing_plur	9864
Malpas was full of praise for the host afterwards .	Malpas was full of praise for the hosts afterwards .	sing_plur	9865
Imagine if the incentive to build new homes outweighed community reservations .	Imagine if the incentives to build new homes outweighed community reservations .	sing_plur	9867
A lawyer for the victim expressed satisfaction at the ruling .	A lawyer for the victims expressed satisfaction at the ruling .	sing_plur	9872
The Argentina probe has suffered many setbacks over the year .	The Argentina probe has suffered many setbacks over the years .	sing_plur	9873
The percentage stated are calculated based on RMB .	The percentages stated are calculated based on RMB .	sing_plur	9874
Actual results may vary materially from the expectation contained in the forward-looking statements .	Actual results may vary materially from the expectations contained in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	9875
The company can add new information to the sign within minutes .	The company can add new information to the signs within minutes .	sing_plur	9876
The next day , the investigator returned to question him further .	The next day , the investigators returned to question him further .	sing_plur	9877
The Brewers loaded the base against Ryan Dempster in the ninth .	The Brewers loaded the bases against Ryan Dempster in the ninth .	sing_plur	9878
Despite evidence to the contrary , the old story prevailed .	Despite evidence to the contrary , the old stories prevailed .	sing_plur	9879
Move to the toe and massage each one separately .	Move to the toes and massage each one separately .	sing_plur	9880
We then compared the result with each school 's tuition and fees .	We then compared the results with each school 's tuition and fees .	sing_plur	9881
The next day the child began to rebuild .	The next day the children began to rebuild .	sing_plur	9887
Over the year it is been relatively crime-free and neighbourly .	Over the years it is been relatively crime-free and neighbourly .	sing_plur	9889
MONTREAL - Viewed separately , the incident seemed relatively insignificant .	MONTREAL - Viewed separately , the incidents seemed relatively insignificant .	sing_plur	9890
It all goes back to the investor .	It all goes back to the investors .	sing_plur	9891
There was no sustainable moderate center between the shah and the fanatical mullah .	There was no sustainable moderate center between the shah and the fanatical mullahs .	sing_plur	9892
I 'll tell the player to go and enjoy it .	I 'll tell the players to go and enjoy it .	sing_plur	9893
The clash with Ms. Hill has grabbed most of the headline .	The clash with Ms. Hill has grabbed most of the headlines .	sing_plur	9894
Chertoff said no special alert was in the work .	Chertoff said no special alert was in the works .	sing_plur	9895
I just wanted to inspect the inside .	I just wanted to inspect the insides .	sing_plur	9897
The game began with yet another baserunning blunder by the Diamondback .	The game began with yet another baserunning blunder by the Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	9898
The only thing missing were the black top hat .	The only thing missing were the black top hats .	sing_plur	9900
Gaines and Frush said they worked well with Johnson during the negotiation .	Gaines and Frush said they worked well with Johnson during the negotiations .	sing_plur	9901
He later apologised for the comment .	He later apologised for the comments .	sing_plur	9903
He knew the dead soldier very well .	He knew the dead soldiers very well .	sing_plur	9904
It is hard to say if advertisers will buy the new number .	It is hard to say if advertisers will buy the new numbers .	sing_plur	9905
He did very little to change the dynamic of the race .	He did very little to change the dynamics of the race .	sing_plur	9906
And by no means did they excel in the exercise .	And by no means did they excel in the exercises .	sing_plur	9907
There was a catch : The workshop did not exist .	There was a catch : The workshops did not exist .	sing_plur	9908
It also was the highest-scoring game ever in the final .	It also was the highest-scoring game ever in the finals .	sing_plur	9909
But the bank no longer hold the loans they make .	But the banks no longer hold the loans they make .	sing_plur	9910
The beating left her entire body scarred .	The beatings left her entire body scarred .	sing_plur	9911
Their green agenda has been purloined by the other party .	Their green agenda has been purloined by the other parties .	sing_plur	9912
Invitations to the opening are the hottest ticket in town .	Invitations to the opening are the hottest tickets in town .	sing_plur	9913
Ford spokeswoman Marcey Evans declined to comment on the negotiation .	Ford spokeswoman Marcey Evans declined to comment on the negotiations .	sing_plur	9915
Markey said one crash was reported related to the problem .	Markey said one crash was reported related to the problems .	sing_plur	9916
I am walking in the footstep of my ancestors .	I am walking in the footsteps of my ancestors .	sing_plur	9917
We got the jitter bad .	We got the jitters bad .	sing_plur	9918
Most of the layoff will be of workers who approve and underwrite mortgages .	Most of the layoffs will be of workers who approve and underwrite mortgages .	sing_plur	9919
I am sure there 'll be a lot of banter between the fan .	I am sure there 'll be a lot of banter between the fans .	sing_plur	9920
The camera did not tape the alleged assault .	The cameras did not tape the alleged assault .	sing_plur	9921
Ultimately , the player still set their own schedules .	Ultimately , the players still set their own schedules .	sing_plur	9922
The quantity of data involved in such simulated tests are phenomenal .	The quantities of data involved in such simulated tests are phenomenal .	sing_plur	9924
Others want the developer to contribute more of their own money .	Others want the developers to contribute more of their own money .	sing_plur	9925
The painter of the Ashcan School just wanted to have fun .	The painters of the Ashcan School just wanted to have fun .	sing_plur	9926
The first fellow will arrive next fall .	The first fellows will arrive next fall .	sing_plur	9927
He said he was considering issuing a gag order to the lawyer .	He said he was considering issuing a gag order to the lawyers .	sing_plur	9928
I am not finding the right word .	I am not finding the right words .	sing_plur	9929
The Myanmar government has acknowledged nearly 3,000 arrests in connection with the demonstration .	The Myanmar government has acknowledged nearly 3,000 arrests in connection with the demonstrations .	sing_plur	9931
The death brought the number of U.S. troops killed in August to 81 .	The deaths brought the number of U.S. troops killed in August to 81 .	sing_plur	9932
The young lawyer had never met the real Dick .	The young lawyers had never met the real Dick .	sing_plur	9934
But he did not invent jihad or the tool of terror .	But he did not invent jihad or the tools of terror .	sing_plur	9935
He hunched across the divide , banging on the key .	He hunched across the divide , banging on the keys .	sing_plur	9936
The bank also agreed also fund additional investments to expand TradeWeb .	The banks also agreed also fund additional investments to expand TradeWeb .	sing_plur	9940
The bill also targets the manager of hedge funds and private-equity firms .	The bill also targets the managers of hedge funds and private-equity firms .	sing_plur	9941
The truth of disclosure cannot come fast enough for taxpayers .	The truths of disclosure cannot come fast enough for taxpayers .	sing_plur	9942
Firefighters continued to tackle the remnant of wildfires in southern California .	Firefighters continued to tackle the remnants of wildfires in southern California .	sing_plur	9944
Analysts peppered the executive with questions in a skeptical tone .	Analysts peppered the executives with questions in a skeptical tone .	sing_plur	9947
There , bikes and pedestrians rule the street .	There , bikes and pedestrians rule the streets .	sing_plur	9949
Singer Sam Gooden of the Impression is 68 .	Singer Sam Gooden of the Impressions is 68 .	sing_plur	9950
There will be a closing of the rank .	There will be a closing of the ranks .	sing_plur	9951
So far , Gay has weathered the various storm .	So far , Gay has weathered the various storms .	sing_plur	9952
It has nothing to do with the parent .	It has nothing to do with the parents .	sing_plur	9957
And I appreciate the nay-sayer as well .	And I appreciate the nay-sayers as well .	sing_plur	9958
The last thing I want to say about the ball .	The last thing I want to say about the balls .	sing_plur	9962
Sometimes the warlord will use you .	Sometimes the warlords will use you .	sing_plur	9963
The newspaper did not identify their sources .	The newspapers did not identify their sources .	sing_plur	9964
But experts say the drug may still be worth it for some people .	But experts say the drugs may still be worth it for some people .	sing_plur	9965
You need someone the player can look up to .	You need someone the players can look up to .	sing_plur	9966
Journalists were escorted out of the room after the brief remark .	Journalists were escorted out of the room after the brief remarks .	sing_plur	9967
Sources said police had not found the carcass of the birds .	Sources said police had not found the carcasses of the birds .	sing_plur	9968
Drug and alcohol abuse rates are off the chart .	Drug and alcohol abuse rates are off the charts .	sing_plur	9970
They got the timely hit and scored all their runs with two outs .	They got the timely hits and scored all their runs with two outs .	sing_plur	9976
The name included Corsair , Pacer , Ranger and Citation .	The names included Corsair , Pacer , Ranger and Citation .	sing_plur	9977
Remove from the oven and remove the weight and the liner .	Remove from the oven and remove the weights and the liner .	sing_plur	9978
Use the tool .	Use the tools .	sing_plur	9980
There is no reason why the fact should overawe you .	There is no reason why the facts should overawe you .	sing_plur	9981
The date and location of the talk had yet to be determined .	The date and location of the talks had yet to be determined .	sing_plur	9982
The justice did not comment further on their order .	The justices did not comment further on their order .	sing_plur	9983
All charges were denied by the organization .	All charges were denied by the organizations .	sing_plur	9985
Neon stars are strung on wires between the lamppost .	Neon stars are strung on wires between the lampposts .	sing_plur	9986
Once inside , the light went off , plunging Starlab into darkness .	Once inside , the lights went off , plunging Starlab into darkness .	sing_plur	9987
The attacks are set to multiply ahead of the election .	The attacks are set to multiply ahead of the elections .	sing_plur	9989
So far , most of the reason cited have been hypothetical .	So far , most of the reasons cited have been hypothetical .	sing_plur	9990
The court will decide .	The courts will decide .	sing_plur	9992
In the circumstance , it is best not to be overambitious .	In the circumstances , it is best not to be overambitious .	sing_plur	9995
Edwards has previously released some of the proposal .	Edwards has previously released some of the proposals .	sing_plur	9998
The woman had gone there to work with the poor .	The women had gone there to work with the poor .	sing_plur	10000
Local authorities said they were chasing the abductor .	Local authorities said they were chasing the abductors .	sing_plur	10002
The instrumental solo sometimes offered great and perhaps excessive virtuoso displays .	The instrumental solos sometimes offered great and perhaps excessive virtuoso displays .	sing_plur	10003
They know the risk .	They know the risks .	sing_plur	10004
It is a great task for the engineer and the architects .	It is a great task for the engineers and the architects .	sing_plur	10005
These barometers can have a major impact on the financial market .	These barometers can have a major impact on the financial markets .	sing_plur	10006
I like holding them and turning the page .	I like holding them and turning the pages .	sing_plur	10007
The Maoist withdrew from the interim government last month .	The Maoists withdrew from the interim government last month .	sing_plur	10008
The day of dressing up for air travel have mostly departed .	The days of dressing up for air travel have mostly departed .	sing_plur	10010
Then , they programmed them to prefer the lighter shelter .	Then , they programmed them to prefer the lighter shelters .	sing_plur	10013
The driver said to us that the fare had gone up .	The driver said to us that the fares had gone up .	sing_plur	10014
The difference came from the match in between .	The difference came from the matches in between .	sing_plur	10015
It depends on the circumstance .	It depends on the circumstances .	sing_plur	10016
Baldonado and Ashaolu missed the season because of the shooting .	Baldonado and Ashaolu missed the season because of the shootings .	sing_plur	10017
But the unacceptable cost of staying the course are already clear .	But the unacceptable costs of staying the course are already clear .	sing_plur	10018
Rarely did Facebook take action based on the complaint , he said .	Rarely did Facebook take action based on the complaints , he said .	sing_plur	10019
They 'll probably work downtown and get run over obeying the rule .	They 'll probably work downtown and get run over obeying the rules .	sing_plur	10020
Even the minimum grew oppressive for Woodworth .	Even the minimums grew oppressive for Woodworth .	sing_plur	10022
The change included the resignation of several managers in addition to Nelson .	The changes included the resignation of several managers in addition to Nelson .	sing_plur	10023
The economics prize will wrap up the award on October 15 .	The economics prize will wrap up the awards on October 15 .	sing_plur	10024
The strike began late Wednesday and were to last through Thursday .	The strikes began late Wednesday and were to last through Thursday .	sing_plur	10025
That will no doubt gladden the heart of Apple executives .	That will no doubt gladden the hearts of Apple executives .	sing_plur	10026
People throng the street .	People throng the streets .	sing_plur	10027
" I believe in the integrity of the player , " he added .	" I believe in the integrity of the players , " he added .	sing_plur	10029
Behind the stair lurked a malevolent-looking carcass , R2-D2 with an attitude .	Behind the stairs lurked a malevolent-looking carcass , R2-D2 with an attitude .	sing_plur	10030
Residents also have a version of the event .	Residents also have a version of the events .	sing_plur	10031
Gone are the day of people riding a motorcycle down the hallway .	Gone are the days of people riding a motorcycle down the hallway .	sing_plur	10032
Those are the principle that my parents instilled in me .	Those are the principles that my parents instilled in me .	sing_plur	10033
The kid in the program started collecting sneakers and cleats in mid-August .	The kids in the program started collecting sneakers and cleats in mid-August .	sing_plur	10034
Hamas denied the charge .	Hamas denied the charges .	sing_plur	10035
The gentile posed the gravest concern .	The gentiles posed the gravest concern .	sing_plur	10036
The photo went up , without traceable digital fingerprints .	The photos went up , without traceable digital fingerprints .	sing_plur	10037
The first agreement to neutralize the agents here were signed in 1996 .	The first agreements to neutralize the agents here were signed in 1996 .	sing_plur	10038
The politic has not stopped the buyout firms .	The politics has not stopped the buyout firms .	sing_plur	10040
The early settlement used to come here first .	The early settlements used to come here first .	sing_plur	10041
On the whole , the opportunities outweigh the challenge .	On the whole , the opportunities outweigh the challenges .	sing_plur	10042
UAW officials declined to comment on the status of the talk .	UAW officials declined to comment on the status of the talks .	sing_plur	10043
That would not mitigate the record delays , the executive said .	That would not mitigate the record delays , the executives said .	sing_plur	10044
Mr Parry said the appeal had received extraordinary support from the medium .	Mr Parry said the appeal had received extraordinary support from the media .	sing_plur	10045
They make the button themselves with an old hand-operated machine .	They make the buttons themselves with an old hand-operated machine .	sing_plur	10047
They emphasized the limitation of all dogmatic formulations .	They emphasized the limitations of all dogmatic formulations .	sing_plur	10048
In the end , the talk led nowhere .	In the end , the talks led nowhere .	sing_plur	10049
" The suicidal thought came back , " she says .	" The suicidal thoughts came back , " she says .	sing_plur	10050
The ramification of Alistair Darling 's pre-Budget report could be significant .	The ramifications of Alistair Darling 's pre-Budget report could be significant .	sing_plur	10051
She was real sweet to the kid .	She was real sweet to the kids .	sing_plur	10052
" I can feel the result already , " he said .	" I can feel the results already , " he said .	sing_plur	10053
The term might as well have been written in Sanskrit .	The terms might as well have been written in Sanskrit .	sing_plur	10055
Doren said she was witness to the emotional dispute .	Doren said she was witness to the emotional disputes .	sing_plur	10056
Iran promptly condemned the sanction .	Iran promptly condemned the sanctions .	sing_plur	10057
Cooler temperatures were expected over the next several day .	Cooler temperatures were expected over the next several days .	sing_plur	10058
It is like pulling up saplings to measure the root .	It is like pulling up saplings to measure the roots .	sing_plur	10059
The other thing is they do wipe out the bird .	The other thing is they do wipe out the birds .	sing_plur	10060
The next day , she went to the authority .	The next day , she went to the authorities .	sing_plur	10064
Don 't listen to the naysayer .	Don 't listen to the naysayers .	sing_plur	10065
It is more difficult for the society , certainly .	It is more difficult for the societies , certainly .	sing_plur	10067
She contacted the authority for help .	She contacted the authorities for help .	sing_plur	10068
The first major public trial of the terminal begin this weekend .	The first major public trials of the terminal begin this weekend .	sing_plur	10070
The justice announced their vote in a two-sentence statement .	The justices announced their vote in a two-sentence statement .	sing_plur	10071
He said that individual whistle-blowers could get a percentage of the fine .	He said that individual whistle-blowers could get a percentage of the fines .	sing_plur	10072
The score put the Trojan up 21-10 .	The score put the Trojans up 21-10 .	sing_plur	10073
In the area hardest-hit by defaults , the glut is far bigger .	In the areas hardest-hit by defaults , the glut is far bigger .	sing_plur	10074
Public health officials are cautiously optimistic about the change .	Public health officials are cautiously optimistic about the changes .	sing_plur	10075
The rest of the guest will silently thank you .	The rest of the guests will silently thank you .	sing_plur	10076
Sources say still more departures are coming in the day ahead .	Sources say still more departures are coming in the days ahead .	sing_plur	10079
Regulators on Monday had divergent views about the meaning of the incident .	Regulators on Monday had divergent views about the meaning of the incidents .	sing_plur	10082
The Net and other teams showed some interest .	The Nets and other teams showed some interest .	sing_plur	10084
I knew the kid would be smitten .	I knew the kids would be smitten .	sing_plur	10085
Spare them the reason , though .	Spare them the reasons , though .	sing_plur	10087
The team are currently leading the standing again .	The team are currently leading the standings again .	sing_plur	10088
Selected wards in Tokyo , Japan prohibit smoking on the street .	Selected wards in Tokyo , Japan prohibit smoking on the streets .	sing_plur	10089
Asked about the long day ahead , Mr. Fenty laughed .	Asked about the long days ahead , Mr. Fenty laughed .	sing_plur	10090
The architect said the center would probably get 1.5 million visitors a year .	The architects said the center would probably get 1.5 million visitors a year .	sing_plur	10091
It provides a common scientific base line for the political talk .	It provides a common scientific base line for the political talks .	sing_plur	10093
It is very difficult to change the habit .	It is very difficult to change the habits .	sing_plur	10094
To get to the state where it is warm !	To get to the states where it is warm !	sing_plur	10096
May the god bless and keep that day , far , far away .	May the gods bless and keep that day , far , far away .	sing_plur	10097
The seam in effects and dialogue glare , but lend charm .	The seams in effects and dialogue glare , but lend charm .	sing_plur	10098
The implication for other lenders could be huge .	The implications for other lenders could be huge .	sing_plur	10099
The medium has been propagating hate .	The media has been propagating hate .	sing_plur	10100
The winner will be selected through judges ' evaluations and online voting .	The winners will be selected through judges ' evaluations and online voting .	sing_plur	10101
It is time to wind up the tension and start the debate .	It is time to wind up the tension and start the debates .	sing_plur	10102
" They are really brutal , " Putzel said of the attack .	" They are really brutal , " Putzel said of the attacks .	sing_plur	10105
Ohuruogu has completed a remarkable comeback after a year on the sideline .	Ohuruogu has completed a remarkable comeback after a year on the sidelines .	sing_plur	10106
The number , Beavan says , back them up .	The numbers , Beavan says , back them up .	sing_plur	10107
He thinks it has something to do with the eye .	He thinks it has something to do with the eyes .	sing_plur	10108
At 4 : 51am the whistle blew .	At 4 : 51am the whistles blew .	sing_plur	10109
A McCann family spokeswoman refused to confirm or deny any of the report .	A McCann family spokeswoman refused to confirm or deny any of the reports .	sing_plur	10110
The rabbit came at the end of summer .	The rabbits came at the end of summer .	sing_plur	10111
The U.S. military also announced the death of two soldiers Wednesday .	The U.S. military also announced the deaths of two soldiers Wednesday .	sing_plur	10112
The other candidate would do almost anything for Gore 's support .	The other candidates would do almost anything for Gore 's support .	sing_plur	10114
I have the check to prove that .	I have the checks to prove that .	sing_plur	10115
He , too , has the fund to compete .	He , too , has the funds to compete .	sing_plur	10116
After all , the owner could not afford the mortgage payments .	After all , the owners could not afford the mortgage payments .	sing_plur	10117
He is left us no alternative but to take to the street .	He is left us no alternative but to take to the streets .	sing_plur	10119
He said he weighed input from the veteran player .	He said he weighed input from the veteran players .	sing_plur	10120
Mr Saakashvili promised to address the issue of poverty and unemployment .	Mr Saakashvili promised to address the issues of poverty and unemployment .	sing_plur	10122
Here again , Ms. West volunteers to face the hard fact .	Here again , Ms. West volunteers to face the hard facts .	sing_plur	10123
I turned off the iPod , but kept wearing the earbud .	I turned off the iPod , but kept wearing the earbuds .	sing_plur	10124
It complicated attempts to segregate the race in the early 20th century .	It complicated attempts to segregate the races in the early 20th century .	sing_plur	10126
Come for the sex ; stay for the story .	Come for the sex ; stay for the stories .	sing_plur	10127
We were treated very well by the organiser .	We were treated very well by the organisers .	sing_plur	10128
So do the report of illness linked to raw milk .	So do the reports of illness linked to raw milk .	sing_plur	10129
We are continuing to see strong capital flows across the European market .	We are continuing to see strong capital flows across the European markets .	sing_plur	10130
There are reports that 124 Kenyan nationals have been killed in the disturbance .	There are reports that 124 Kenyan nationals have been killed in the disturbances .	sing_plur	10131
The sound came from the far side of the garden .	The sounds came from the far side of the garden .	sing_plur	10132
In life the man also shared a wanderlust .	In life the men also shared a wanderlust .	sing_plur	10134
The founder saw this formulation as not just idealistic but practical .	The founders saw this formulation as not just idealistic but practical .	sing_plur	10135
Companies would not disclose sales figures for the product .	Companies would not disclose sales figures for the products .	sing_plur	10139
The employee responded with 18,000 names .	The employees responded with 18,000 names .	sing_plur	10140
The low tide will mitigate the effect of the surge .	The low tide will mitigate the effects of the surge .	sing_plur	10142
But the spark hit a dry field .	But the sparks hit a dry field .	sing_plur	10143
Each of Offeror and Univar is incorporated under the law of the Netherlands .	Each of Offeror and Univar is incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands .	sing_plur	10144
The concern about the financial sector continued to dominate .	The concerns about the financial sector continued to dominate .	sing_plur	10145
On a recent visit , mouse droppings lined some of the room .	On a recent visit , mouse droppings lined some of the rooms .	sing_plur	10146
The Celtic took the lead in the first quarter and never relinquished it .	The Celtics took the lead in the first quarter and never relinquished it .	sing_plur	10147
The first bus will leave Jersey 's new bus station on Sunday .	The first buses will leave Jersey 's new bus station on Sunday .	sing_plur	10149
It was not possible to confirm the figure independently .	It was not possible to confirm the figures independently .	sing_plur	10150
There are arguments about the cause of the rise in the oil price .	There are arguments about the causes of the rise in the oil price .	sing_plur	10151
I want to go on a safari and be near the animal .	I want to go on a safari and be near the animals .	sing_plur	10154
In this election they are only contesting one-fifth of the seat .	In this election they are only contesting one-fifth of the seats .	sing_plur	10157
Daisy Bates had to march with the wife .	Daisy Bates had to march with the wives .	sing_plur	10158
He denies the charge against him and says that they are politically motivated .	He denies the charges against him and says that they are politically motivated .	sing_plur	10159
Her body was later found on the track .	Her body was later found on the tracks .	sing_plur	10162
I had the translator explain who the various people were in the photo .	I had the translator explain who the various people were in the photos .	sing_plur	10163
They speak , backed with the force of history and nature .	They speak , backed with the forces of history and nature .	sing_plur	10164
Genetically altered crops allow spraying that kills everything but the plant .	Genetically altered crops allow spraying that kills everything but the plants .	sing_plur	10166
The 36-year-old independent plan to support Clinton in the caucuses .	The 36-year-old independent plans to support Clinton in the caucuses .	sing_plur	10167
So the number of targets has been reduced steadily over the year .	So the number of targets has been reduced steadily over the years .	sing_plur	10169
The man behind the cash register became a bit famous themselves .	The men behind the cash register became a bit famous themselves .	sing_plur	10170
Under the circumstance , I decided against risking the Proust .	Under the circumstances , I decided against risking the Proust .	sing_plur	10172
Saakashvili has called the allegation lies .	Saakashvili has called the allegations lies .	sing_plur	10174
Individuals also organize private visits to the shrine .	Individuals also organize private visits to the shrines .	sing_plur	10176
Surfers have not been the only target .	Surfers have not been the only targets .	sing_plur	10178
He introduces a minimum wage to counter the effect of inflation .	He introduces a minimum wage to counter the effects of inflation .	sing_plur	10179
And Reese has the award to prove it .	And Reese has the awards to prove it .	sing_plur	10180
The guy can make a bit of history .	The guys can make a bit of history .	sing_plur	10181
And the window will actually open .	And the windows will actually open .	sing_plur	10182
Germany ( 2-0 ) leads Group A in the standing .	Germany ( 2-0 ) leads Group A in the standings .	sing_plur	10186
The Phillips Gallery in Washington bought the other .	The Phillips Gallery in Washington bought the others .	sing_plur	10188
I want it to make sense for the kid .	I want it to make sense for the kids .	sing_plur	10192
But the figure may be misleading .	But the figures may be misleading .	sing_plur	10193
The message from the bank is clear : the party is over .	The message from the banks is clear : the party is over .	sing_plur	10197
Members of both teams showed up to cheer on the Celtic .	Members of both teams showed up to cheer on the Celtics .	sing_plur	10198
I have still got the mark .	I have still got the marks .	sing_plur	10200
Raz said explosives experts were still examining the content of the backpack .	Raz said explosives experts were still examining the contents of the backpack .	sing_plur	10201
Last year , it supported two teams from Virginia Tech behind the scene .	Last year , it supported two teams from Virginia Tech behind the scenes .	sing_plur	10204
but Burns cautioned against getting carried away by victory over the Italian .	but Burns cautioned against getting carried away by victory over the Italians .	sing_plur	10205
The important thing is , we do not make the same mistake twice .	The important thing is , we do not make the same mistakes twice .	sing_plur	10207
The likeliest problem may be the poor health of the recipient .	The likeliest problem may be the poor health of the recipients .	sing_plur	10208
And in the day that followed they did more of the same .	And in the days that followed they did more of the same .	sing_plur	10210
Mr. Bush complained that White House officials were not included in the discussion .	Mr. Bush complained that White House officials were not included in the discussions .	sing_plur	10212
Let 's cut the debate to six candidates .	Let 's cut the debates to six candidates .	sing_plur	10214
Not everyone , however , is enthusiastic about relaxing the regulation .	Not everyone , however , is enthusiastic about relaxing the regulations .	sing_plur	10215
The authorities have said that the charge could change .	The authorities have said that the charges could change .	sing_plur	10216
He is angry at the traffic in the hall .	He is angry at the traffic in the halls .	sing_plur	10217
The result came in line with Wall Street 's outlook .	The results came in line with Wall Street 's outlook .	sing_plur	10218
The firm fell 15.5p and 25p to 740p and 1,015p respectively .	The firms fell 15.5p and 25p to 740p and 1,015p respectively .	sing_plur	10220
It is believed he travelled to England from France using the fake document .	It is believed he travelled to England from France using the fake documents .	sing_plur	10221
Throughout dinner , everyone around the table can answer the question !	Throughout dinner , everyone around the table can answer the questions !	sing_plur	10222
The expert did not list the reported incidents .	The experts did not list the reported incidents .	sing_plur	10223
There are more than 7,000 Commonwealth citizens in the British armed force .	There are more than 7,000 Commonwealth citizens in the British armed forces .	sing_plur	10226
But the issue of Iran 's nuclear program overshadowed the other .	But the issue of Iran 's nuclear program overshadowed the others .	sing_plur	10227
He took the rein of the RNC in January .	He took the reins of the RNC in January .	sing_plur	10228
" We clearly understand the concern around spending , " Phillips said .	" We clearly understand the concerns around spending , " Phillips said .	sing_plur	10229
The rebuilding also has changed the life of the volunteers .	The rebuilding also has changed the lives of the volunteers .	sing_plur	10230
Some have disputed the authenticity of the recording .	Some have disputed the authenticity of the recordings .	sing_plur	10232
He takes us behind the scene of that assignment .	He takes us behind the scenes of that assignment .	sing_plur	10234
All of those cited by Kim have denied the allegation .	All of those cited by Kim have denied the allegations .	sing_plur	10235
The man 's face was disguised in the photo as a digitalized whirl .	The man 's face was disguised in the photos as a digitalized whirl .	sing_plur	10237
The impending ban made the front page of newspapers across the country .	The impending ban made the front pages of newspapers across the country .	sing_plur	10240
Some details of the killing remained sketchy .	Some details of the killings remained sketchy .	sing_plur	10241
But no one has a deeper stake in salmon than the native .	But no one has a deeper stake in salmon than the natives .	sing_plur	10242
U.S. automakers are fighting California 's plans in the court .	U.S. automakers are fighting California 's plans in the courts .	sing_plur	10243
" The lines were out the door , " he said .	" The lines were out the doors , " he said .	sing_plur	10244
The difference remained at 120 minutes .	The differences remained at 120 minutes .	sing_plur	10245
The FIA is paid to govern the sport not manage the team .	The FIA is paid to govern the sport not manage the teams .	sing_plur	10247
Samuel Dalembert had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Sixer .	Samuel Dalembert had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the Sixers .	sing_plur	10249
The researcher used engineered immune system proteins called monoclonal antibodies .	The researchers used engineered immune system proteins called monoclonal antibodies .	sing_plur	10251
But the force feeding the resistance to change remain intractable .	But the forces feeding the resistance to change remain intractable .	sing_plur	10257
Some of the woman said they were sexually harassed in custody .	Some of the women said they were sexually harassed in custody .	sing_plur	10258
Gettelfinger said the strike broke a logjam in the talk .	Gettelfinger said the strike broke a logjam in the talks .	sing_plur	10259
And so the modernist sought to replace personality .	And so the modernists sought to replace personality .	sing_plur	10260
The arrest came after a tip from local residents .	The arrests came after a tip from local residents .	sing_plur	10261
" Those are the moment you never forget , " he said .	" Those are the moments you never forget , " he said .	sing_plur	10263
His unblinking blue eyes give a smile behind the gold-rimmed glass .	His unblinking blue eyes give a smile behind the gold-rimmed glasses .	sing_plur	10264
Cuba 's government denied the rumor .	Cuba 's government denied the rumors .	sing_plur	10265
The highlight of my day was The Archer .	The highlight of my day was The Archers .	sing_plur	10266
They contacted the broker asking for more information .	They contacted the brokers asking for more information .	sing_plur	10268
The lesson of last October linger for the Yankees .	The lessons of last October linger for the Yankees .	sing_plur	10271
They also ruled out smokers , and the result did not change .	They also ruled out smokers , and the results did not change .	sing_plur	10272
People have started to come to the game .	People have started to come to the games .	sing_plur	10273
There are side effects from the ovary-stimulating drug used to retrieve eggs .	There are side effects from the ovary-stimulating drugs used to retrieve eggs .	sing_plur	10274
You 're the only one with the gut to do it .	You 're the only one with the guts to do it .	sing_plur	10275
The plane passed 4.17 miles away from each other near Goshen , Ind .	The planes passed 4.17 miles away from each other near Goshen , Ind .	sing_plur	10276
The casualty included women and children .	The casualties included women and children .	sing_plur	10277
Wilson 's publicist neither denied nor confirmed the allegation .	Wilson 's publicist neither denied nor confirmed the allegations .	sing_plur	10278
But the detail will be critical .	But the details will be critical .	sing_plur	10280
Many of the player knew May from school .	Many of the players knew May from school .	sing_plur	10281
Upstairs , he had me keep the light off .	Upstairs , he had me keep the lights off .	sing_plur	10282
Quick , name the competitor of U.S. News & World Report .	Quick , name the competitors of U.S. News & World Report .	sing_plur	10284
Paul and Tancredo were the lone dissenter on most issues .	Paul and Tancredo were the lone dissenters on most issues .	sing_plur	10285
It is far more important to please the farmer .	It is far more important to please the farmers .	sing_plur	10289
To the adult in my family it somehow made sense .	To the adults in my family it somehow made sense .	sing_plur	10291
18 , the march began .	18 , the marches began .	sing_plur	10292
Each of the new race carries a purse of one million dollars .	Each of the new races carries a purse of one million dollars .	sing_plur	10293
The risk may end up being carried by insurers .	The risks may end up being carried by insurers .	sing_plur	10294
The official said Mr. Kim likes all forms of music .	The officials said Mr. Kim likes all forms of music .	sing_plur	10296
They are the perfect participant for this special event .	They are the perfect participants for this special event .	sing_plur	10298
Monday 's settlement resolves all claims in the dispute , the company said .	Monday 's settlement resolves all claims in the dispute , the companies said .	sing_plur	10300
But the single matches aren 't getting any easier .	But the singles matches aren 't getting any easier .	sing_plur	10306
" You are seeing the contribution everywhere , " Coughlin said .	" You are seeing the contributions everywhere , " Coughlin said .	sing_plur	10307
Smaller states took the first step .	Smaller states took the first steps .	sing_plur	10308
The challenge presented to Mr. Ryan and his students were considerable .	The challenges presented to Mr. Ryan and his students were considerable .	sing_plur	10309
A Ford spokeswoman declined to comment on the talk .	A Ford spokeswoman declined to comment on the talks .	sing_plur	10310
Other committees have demanded access to the same document .	Other committees have demanded access to the same documents .	sing_plur	10311
The premium on experience helps the Newcomb .	The premium on experience helps the Newcombs .	sing_plur	10312
People do not even go to the crowded shelter .	People do not even go to the crowded shelters .	sing_plur	10314
The soldier had a respectful rapport , a camaraderie .	The soldiers had a respectful rapport , a camaraderie .	sing_plur	10315
The money would help struck shows struggling with the cost of a shutdown .	The money would help struck shows struggling with the costs of a shutdown .	sing_plur	10319
Last year the chief executive saw their pay increase by 27 per cent .	Last year the chief executives saw their pay increase by 27 per cent .	sing_plur	10320
The first T-shirt I made were a disaster .	The first T-shirts I made were a disaster .	sing_plur	10321
The jury decided that each company had infringed patents owned by the other .	The juries decided that each company had infringed patents owned by the other .	sing_plur	10322
Experienced players should gravitate to the objective-critical spot .	Experienced players should gravitate to the objective-critical spots .	sing_plur	10323
The share rose to $ 57 in premarket trading on Monday .	The shares rose to $ 57 in premarket trading on Monday .	sing_plur	10324
The forward-looking event discussed in this release may not occur .	The forward-looking events discussed in this release may not occur .	sing_plur	10326
The backup learned just how close they are to playing .	The backups learned just how close they are to playing .	sing_plur	10327
The store will remain open during the renovations , the company said .	The stores will remain open during the renovations , the company said .	sing_plur	10329
The bacterium is E. coli 0157 : H7 .	The bacteria is E. coli 0157 : H7 .	sing_plur	10330
" " The prosecutor gave you a circus .	" " The prosecutors gave you a circus .	sing_plur	10332
Administrators praised the hard work of the teacher .	Administrators praised the hard work of the teachers .	sing_plur	10333
The researcher also ruled out a hypothesis for an ancient ocean on Mars .	The researchers also ruled out a hypothesis for an ancient ocean on Mars .	sing_plur	10334
Her uncle , Curt Wagner , painted the picture .	Her uncle , Curt Wagner , painted the pictures .	sing_plur	10335
Fans started throwing water bottles onto the field from the upper deck .	Fans started throwing water bottles onto the field from the upper decks .	sing_plur	10338
The defendant had played starkly different roles .	The defendants had played starkly different roles .	sing_plur	10340
State officials said they were not surprised by the finding .	State officials said they were not surprised by the findings .	sing_plur	10341
No financial details were disclosed by the company .	No financial details were disclosed by the companies .	sing_plur	10344
The report did not say where the Watson flew in from .	The report did not say where the Watsons flew in from .	sing_plur	10346
Judges upheld the conviction and rejected appeals from Whomes and Steele in 2006 .	Judges upheld the convictions and rejected appeals from Whomes and Steele in 2006 .	sing_plur	10347
The wall crumble beneath my touch .	The walls crumble beneath my touch .	sing_plur	10348
Even his shorts had satin stripes down the side , tuxedo-style .	Even his shorts had satin stripes down the sides , tuxedo-style .	sing_plur	10349
1616 - Dutch explorers are the first European to visit Tonga .	1616 - Dutch explorers are the first Europeans to visit Tonga .	sing_plur	10350
The Vandal lost to No. 14 Gonzaga 80-43 on Tuesday .	The Vandals lost to No. 14 Gonzaga 80-43 on Tuesday .	sing_plur	10351
POOR Britney cannot even top the online pop .	POOR Britney cannot even top the online pops .	sing_plur	10354
Not that he has not noticed the change around him .	Not that he has not noticed the changes around him .	sing_plur	10355
It was the closest woman 's finish in race history .	It was the closest women 's finish in race history .	sing_plur	10356
Celebrate the small victory .	Celebrate the small victories .	sing_plur	10357
They made your baseballs in the sweatshop back home .	They made your baseballs in the sweatshops back home .	sing_plur	10358
The defendant also denied having any link to radical Islam or Al-Qaeda .	The defendants also denied having any link to radical Islam or Al-Qaeda .	sing_plur	10360
But some experts are sceptical about the new finding .	But some experts are sceptical about the new findings .	sing_plur	10361
I hated posing for the accompanying photo , too .	I hated posing for the accompanying photos , too .	sing_plur	10362
They are also worried that the bond might flop .	They are also worried that the bonds might flop .	sing_plur	10364
It said the trace could have come from contamination by other equipment .	It said the traces could have come from contamination by other equipment .	sing_plur	10365
Virgin Money earns revenue from the fee charged to borrowers .	Virgin Money earns revenue from the fees charged to borrowers .	sing_plur	10366
The commodity will benefit an estimated 15,000 people .	The commodities will benefit an estimated 15,000 people .	sing_plur	10368
As our judges noted , the best plan showed strong growth potential .	As our judges noted , the best plans showed strong growth potential .	sing_plur	10369
The playoff - that will get you going .	The playoffs - that will get you going .	sing_plur	10370
A rundown of the contest to watch follows .	A rundown of the contests to watch follows .	sing_plur	10371
The blog lit up with criticism .	The blogs lit up with criticism .	sing_plur	10372
Nor should anyone expect Amis to disappear from the headline anytime soon .	Nor should anyone expect Amis to disappear from the headlines anytime soon .	sing_plur	10373
The boy had taken no precautions to put out the fire .	The boys had taken no precautions to put out the fire .	sing_plur	10374
The rules are the rule .	The rules are the rules .	sing_plur	10375
The remark added fuel to already flaring U.S.-Cuban tensions .	The remarks added fuel to already flaring U.S.-Cuban tensions .	sing_plur	10376
The odd of winning just once were 22.5 million to one .	The odds of winning just once were 22.5 million to one .	sing_plur	10377
Add the salt , pepper and grated orange rind , and the chestnut .	Add the salt , pepper and grated orange rind , and the chestnuts .	sing_plur	10378
The injury I had were sometimes deep-rooted .	The injuries I had were sometimes deep-rooted .	sing_plur	10380
The kit will include sterilised swabs , latex gloves and evidence bags .	The kits will include sterilised swabs , latex gloves and evidence bags .	sing_plur	10383
But now , a Manhattan judge is calling the shot .	But now , a Manhattan judge is calling the shots .	sing_plur	10384
Some who 've busted out to live it themselves died on the street .	Some who 've busted out to live it themselves died on the streets .	sing_plur	10387
Mr. Bernanke offered a rocky outlook for the month ahead .	Mr. Bernanke offered a rocky outlook for the months ahead .	sing_plur	10389
It comes out of the speaker like a steam train .	It comes out of the speakers like a steam train .	sing_plur	10390
Among the top reason for leaving the profession is lack of support .	Among the top reasons for leaving the profession is lack of support .	sing_plur	10391
He said he is working with investors to restructure the debt .	He said he is working with investors to restructure the debts .	sing_plur	10392
That is 16 percent of the plate issued by Virginia .	That is 16 percent of the plates issued by Virginia .	sing_plur	10393
They thus now hold 5.02 % of the share .	They thus now hold 5.02 % of the shares .	sing_plur	10394
An elected board of directors makes and enforces the rule .	An elected board of directors makes and enforces the rules .	sing_plur	10395
The model showed the system will move northwest across Florida .	The models showed the system will move northwest across Florida .	sing_plur	10397
The financial result of Domtar Corporation cover certain periods prior to the Transaction .	The financial results of Domtar Corporation cover certain periods prior to the Transaction .	sing_plur	10399
It accuses the firm of human rights violations and environmental damage .	It accuses the firms of human rights violations and environmental damage .	sing_plur	10400
Economists expected the nation 's employers to add 110,000 jobs to the payroll .	Economists expected the nation 's employers to add 110,000 jobs to the payrolls .	sing_plur	10405
With the holiday approaching , safety is often overlooked .	With the holidays approaching , safety is often overlooked .	sing_plur	10406
Buffalo entered the night having played the fewest game in the league .	Buffalo entered the night having played the fewest games in the league .	sing_plur	10407
ICE officials could not independently confirm the number .	ICE officials could not independently confirm the numbers .	sing_plur	10409
" I know , " the student would reply , relieved .	" I know , " the students would reply , relieved .	sing_plur	10410
In addition he has been using his yacht to research the ocean .	In addition he has been using his yacht to research the oceans .	sing_plur	10411
The Conservative called on Mr Purnell to resign last night .	The Conservatives called on Mr Purnell to resign last night .	sing_plur	10412
But there has been a profound mood shift in the medium .	But there has been a profound mood shift in the media .	sing_plur	10415
The Anglo-Saxon power did not just win wars .	The Anglo-Saxon powers did not just win wars .	sing_plur	10416
On Tuesday , lead negotiator Ahmed Qureia tightened the screw .	On Tuesday , lead negotiator Ahmed Qureia tightened the screws .	sing_plur	10418
The first delivery will follow in late November or December .	The first deliveries will follow in late November or December .	sing_plur	10419
I am hoping ( House members ) will assume responsibility for the consequence .	I am hoping ( House members ) will assume responsibility for the consequences .	sing_plur	10420
The Duck opened the game with a brisk seven-play , 70-yard scoring drive .	The Ducks opened the game with a brisk seven-play , 70-yard scoring drive .	sing_plur	10422
Within two years , the well had dried up .	Within two years , the wells had dried up .	sing_plur	10423
" I think he has picked the wrong issue , " Durbin said .	" I think he has picked the wrong issues , " Durbin said .	sing_plur	10424
Sudan blames the western medium for exaggerating the conflict .	Sudan blames the western media for exaggerating the conflict .	sing_plur	10426
They will leave the mountain .	They will leave the mountains .	sing_plur	10427
She threw the best party , she cooked the best food .	She threw the best parties , she cooked the best food .	sing_plur	10428
Litter swirled around like fall leaves on the wide concrete sidewalk .	Litter swirled around like fall leaves on the wide concrete sidewalks .	sing_plur	10430
Melroy says it is all about the number .	Melroy says it is all about the numbers .	sing_plur	10432
( Tribune Media Services ) -- The pumpkin made all the difference .	( Tribune Media Services ) -- The pumpkins made all the difference .	sing_plur	10436
He put the pitcher before himself .	He put the pitchers before himself .	sing_plur	10438
But those are just the legal requirement .	But those are just the legal requirements .	sing_plur	10440
A car is essential to tour the battlefield around Verdun .	A car is essential to tour the battlefields around Verdun .	sing_plur	10442
The study followed patients , on average , 18 weeks .	The studies followed patients , on average , 18 weeks .	sing_plur	10444
But the benefit and information can flow both ways .	But the benefits and information can flow both ways .	sing_plur	10446
Spill the bean now .	Spill the beans now .	sing_plur	10447
A sixth woman survived the attack .	A sixth woman survived the attacks .	sing_plur	10448
Security guards turned the demonstrator away without incident .	Security guards turned the demonstrators away without incident .	sing_plur	10449
People are unaware of the animal suffering behind the headline .	People are unaware of the animal suffering behind the headlines .	sing_plur	10450
She said he also lied about the charge against him .	She said he also lied about the charges against him .	sing_plur	10451
The juror also went to the Ritz .	The jurors also went to the Ritz .	sing_plur	10455
" Imagine the headline , " he wrote .	" Imagine the headlines , " he wrote .	sing_plur	10457
Each of the study rated the effects on pain reduction on standard scale .	Each of the studies rated the effects on pain reduction on standard scale .	sing_plur	10458
But that gradually changed as the demonstration grew in size .	But that gradually changed as the demonstrations grew in size .	sing_plur	10459
The jitter also spread to the commodities market .	The jitters also spread to the commodities market .	sing_plur	10461
Nichols said the firearms were pointed at the victim .	Nichols said the firearms were pointed at the victims .	sing_plur	10462
Until the photographer left , he said .	Until the photographers left , he said .	sing_plur	10465
And the deal kept getting bigger .	And the deals kept getting bigger .	sing_plur	10466
No one had kicked me in the shin .	No one had kicked me in the shins .	sing_plur	10467
Instead , the woman playing male characters wear pants .	Instead , the women playing male characters wear pants .	sing_plur	10468
Instead , they pick on the tourist .	Instead , they pick on the tourists .	sing_plur	10469
They want to terminate her parental rights and adopt the child .	They want to terminate her parental rights and adopt the children .	sing_plur	10470
The spot will run through the third week of November .	The spots will run through the third week of November .	sing_plur	10472
The claim was sure to intensify the army 's search for the soldier .	The claim was sure to intensify the army 's search for the soldiers .	sing_plur	10473
The same community devastated last year were again flooded Wednesday .	The same communities devastated last year were again flooded Wednesday .	sing_plur	10474
As many as 2,000 people have fled the area under attack .	As many as 2,000 people have fled the areas under attack .	sing_plur	10476
Bullets zoom through the street every day .	Bullets zoom through the streets every day .	sing_plur	10478
The team will have very different aims .	The teams will have very different aims .	sing_plur	10479
The police never found the perpetrator .	The police never found the perpetrators .	sing_plur	10481
The chief said the eastbound lane had recently been resurfaced .	The chief said the eastbound lanes had recently been resurfaced .	sing_plur	10482
The figure eased worries about inflation and employment , analysts said .	The figures eased worries about inflation and employment , analysts said .	sing_plur	10484
But the voter thought otherwise .	But the voters thought otherwise .	sing_plur	10485
The action undertaken by the Bureau are reprehensible .	The actions undertaken by the Bureau are reprehensible .	sing_plur	10487
The strong wind also caused several more cargo ships to run aground .	The strong winds also caused several more cargo ships to run aground .	sing_plur	10490
, topped the poll in previous years .	, topped the polls in previous years .	sing_plur	10491
Expect celebrations on the street of Rio de Janeiro .	Expect celebrations on the streets of Rio de Janeiro .	sing_plur	10492
His organization , ultra-important in a caucus state , lags the other candidate .	His organization , ultra-important in a caucus state , lags the other candidates .	sing_plur	10493
Even so , the expert recommended pressing on .	Even so , the experts recommended pressing on .	sing_plur	10494
Finally , Ms. Valentine recorded the child saying the sentences .	Finally , Ms. Valentine recorded the children saying the sentences .	sing_plur	10495
See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statement .	See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements .	sing_plur	10496
The objection came from both the blind and the sighted .	The objections came from both the blind and the sighted .	sing_plur	10497
He is rising in the poll , especially in Iowa .	He is rising in the polls , especially in Iowa .	sing_plur	10499
Officers found Prabaharan 's fingerprints on the cheque .	Officers found Prabaharan 's fingerprints on the cheques .	sing_plur	10503
This season , starters have gained 70 percent of the victory .	This season , starters have gained 70 percent of the victories .	sing_plur	10504
Aviation authorities decided against banning the device in carry on bags .	Aviation authorities decided against banning the devices in carry on bags .	sing_plur	10505
The plane will replace the airline 's aging Boeing 747s and 767s .	The planes will replace the airline 's aging Boeing 747s and 767s .	sing_plur	10506
The finding may have an economic basis as well , Segev said .	The findings may have an economic basis as well , Segev said .	sing_plur	10510
The judge will deliver their written judgement some time later .	The judges will deliver their written judgement some time later .	sing_plur	10514
Bhutto will remain alive in the heart of people .	Bhutto will remain alive in the hearts of people .	sing_plur	10515
They were the first American death reported in Iraq since Monday .	They were the first American deaths reported in Iraq since Monday .	sing_plur	10517
It has also accused Iraqi Kurds of tolerating and even supporting the rebel .	It has also accused Iraqi Kurds of tolerating and even supporting the rebels .	sing_plur	10518
After the mayor spoke yesterday , the vendor surrounded him .	After the mayor spoke yesterday , the vendors surrounded him .	sing_plur	10519
Yet the fluctuation within one shopping basket can be enormous .	Yet the fluctuations within one shopping basket can be enormous .	sing_plur	10521
Actual results may differ materially from the result discussed in the forward-looking statements .	Actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	10522
But there tends to be some truth in the caricature .	But there tends to be some truth in the caricatures .	sing_plur	10524
It reminded me of him and the house he built .	It reminded me of him and the houses he built .	sing_plur	10529
The refugee also offered first-person accounts of seeing unarmed protesters shot and killed .	The refugees also offered first-person accounts of seeing unarmed protesters shot and killed .	sing_plur	10530
Ms Davie cites two examples of opt-in behaviour within the older church .	Ms Davie cites two examples of opt-in behaviour within the older churches .	sing_plur	10531
He reads the paper .	He reads the papers .	sing_plur	10533
The animal died , but Magendie helped identify the dietary requirement for protein .	The animals died , but Magendie helped identify the dietary requirement for protein .	sing_plur	10534
Representatives of the company could not immediately be reached for comment Monday .	Representatives of the companies could not immediately be reached for comment Monday .	sing_plur	10535
They discuss the lesson using Internet-telephone headsets .	They discuss the lessons using Internet-telephone headsets .	sing_plur	10536
I have not seen the protest yet .	I have not seen the protests yet .	sing_plur	10537
Officials said paint on the bucket contained excessive levels of lead .	Officials said paint on the buckets contained excessive levels of lead .	sing_plur	10539
The war in Iraq has diminished the reputation of many of its generals .	The war in Iraq has diminished the reputations of many of its generals .	sing_plur	10540
His lung problems were linked to breathing the vapor .	His lung problems were linked to breathing the vapors .	sing_plur	10541
Many people were headed to nearby cities unaffected by the flood .	Many people were headed to nearby cities unaffected by the floods .	sing_plur	10542
That night he slept in the stable .	That night he slept in the stables .	sing_plur	10545
Not surprisingly , local officials are reluctant to talk about the project .	Not surprisingly , local officials are reluctant to talk about the projects .	sing_plur	10547
The sore spot : who chooses the question .	The sore spot : who chooses the questions .	sing_plur	10550
Some residents took to the street in demonstrations against the fighting .	Some residents took to the streets in demonstrations against the fighting .	sing_plur	10551
But many questions remain about the event leading to the donations .	But many questions remain about the events leading to the donations .	sing_plur	10552
The wholesome child-friendly lesson made me feel queasy .	The wholesome child-friendly lessons made me feel queasy .	sing_plur	10553
The night-to-night difference is greatest for the more southerly location .	The night-to-night difference is greatest for the more southerly locations .	sing_plur	10554
Yet the tax could go higher .	Yet the taxes could go higher .	sing_plur	10555
Gone are the day when kids bought CDs by their favorite singers .	Gone are the days when kids bought CDs by their favorite singers .	sing_plur	10556
The descender kept coming .	The descenders kept coming .	sing_plur	10558
The winner danced the first routine to All In Love Is Fair .	The winners danced the first routine to All In Love Is Fair .	sing_plur	10562
Alcoa released the financial result after markets closed .	Alcoa released the financial results after markets closed .	sing_plur	10563
The F.T.C. might require Lululemon to fully remove the claim .	The F.T.C. might require Lululemon to fully remove the claims .	sing_plur	10564
But the talk often veered off topic .	But the talks often veered off topic .	sing_plur	10565
But the big year more than make up for that .	But the big years more than make up for that .	sing_plur	10567
The party will also include the traditional costume contest with cash prizes .	The party will also include the traditional costume contests with cash prizes .	sing_plur	10568
It is unclear whether charges can be brought against any of the contractor .	It is unclear whether charges can be brought against any of the contractors .	sing_plur	10571
I am glad for the experience .	I am glad for the experiences .	sing_plur	10572
Then the siren and screams started .	Then the sirens and screams started .	sing_plur	10573
She said there had been no ransom demand from the pirate .	She said there had been no ransom demand from the pirates .	sing_plur	10575
The officer executed poor judgment and took the wrong course of action .	The officers executed poor judgment and took the wrong course of action .	sing_plur	10576
He confirmed the toll and the nationality of the victims .	He confirmed the toll and the nationalities of the victims .	sing_plur	10577
The Israelis shot back at the gunman , the spokeswoman said .	The Israelis shot back at the gunmen , the spokeswoman said .	sing_plur	10578
Police fired back , injuring two of the passenger .	Police fired back , injuring two of the passengers .	sing_plur	10581
Such are the suggestion of Boras .	Such are the suggestions of Boras .	sing_plur	10584
The share dropped 12.5p to 1,470p .	The shares dropped 12.5p to 1,470p .	sing_plur	10585
Plainclothes police trailed the marcher .	Plainclothes police trailed the marchers .	sing_plur	10586
The projection released next week will extend through 2010 .	The projections released next week will extend through 2010 .	sing_plur	10587
The content presented do not necessarily reflect CMS policy .	The contents presented do not necessarily reflect CMS policy .	sing_plur	10588
On Monday , he shrugged off the poll , particularly in Iowa .	On Monday , he shrugged off the polls , particularly in Iowa .	sing_plur	10589
The company denies the claim .	The company denies the claims .	sing_plur	10591
They also beat Detroit 58-37 in the playoff in 1995 .	They also beat Detroit 58-37 in the playoffs in 1995 .	sing_plur	10593
The performance opted for color and intensity over neatness .	The performances opted for color and intensity over neatness .	sing_plur	10595
Arshad said officials were still checking the identity of the dead and injured .	Arshad said officials were still checking the identities of the dead and injured .	sing_plur	10596
The friend spoke of retribution and punishment , common sentiments along these corridors .	The friends spoke of retribution and punishment , common sentiments along these corridors .	sing_plur	10598
The commissioner does not think NFL fans are overly consumed with the problem .	The commissioner does not think NFL fans are overly consumed with the problems .	sing_plur	10599
Selek denies the accusation .	Selek denies the accusations .	sing_plur	10600
My canoe was edging ever closer to the fall .	My canoe was edging ever closer to the falls .	sing_plur	10602
Now they are turning their attention to the social network .	Now they are turning their attention to the social networks .	sing_plur	10603
And if the journalist knew their story , Ms Bhutto knew her script .	And if the journalists knew their story , Ms Bhutto knew her script .	sing_plur	10605
Bonus : a glass-walled kitchen means you can watch the chef in action .	Bonus : a glass-walled kitchen means you can watch the chefs in action .	sing_plur	10608
Gift cards were among the primary driver .	Gift cards were among the primary drivers .	sing_plur	10610
The man grabbed Hanna and let Meskoni go .	The men grabbed Hanna and let Meskoni go .	sing_plur	10611
Fruit experienced some of the biggest gain .	Fruit experienced some of the biggest gains .	sing_plur	10612
We discussed North Korea and the six-party talk .	We discussed North Korea and the six-party talks .	sing_plur	10613
Their destination was the Falkland .	Their destination was the Falklands .	sing_plur	10615
Over the year , official attitudes evolved .	Over the years , official attitudes evolved .	sing_plur	10617
Leo had filled in the blank of her life .	Leo had filled in the blanks of her life .	sing_plur	10618
It already has an edge over all of the competitor .	It already has an edge over all of the competitors .	sing_plur	10619
No , said the witness .	No , said the witnesses .	sing_plur	10620
Aberdeen face a tall order to reach the knock-out stage .	Aberdeen face a tall order to reach the knock-out stages .	sing_plur	10623
The Great Viet are considered the founder of northern Vietnam .	The Great Viet are considered the founders of northern Vietnam .	sing_plur	10624
The FDA 's decision was welcomed by those concerned about the medication .	The FDA 's decision was welcomed by those concerned about the medications .	sing_plur	10626
Singapore time when I felt the tremor .	Singapore time when I felt the tremors .	sing_plur	10627
Narciso Rodriguez did the costume for the ballet .	Narciso Rodriguez did the costumes for the ballet .	sing_plur	10628
However , little is known about the cause of this lifelong developmental disorder .	However , little is known about the causes of this lifelong developmental disorder .	sing_plur	10629
The Oiler ( 16-19-3 ) suffered their fourth straight loss .	The Oilers ( 16-19-3 ) suffered their fourth straight loss .	sing_plur	10631
But they also have had a well-documented power struggle over the year .	But they also have had a well-documented power struggle over the years .	sing_plur	10633
Multitouch multiplies the promise and multiplies the problem .	Multitouch multiplies the promise and multiplies the problems .	sing_plur	10635
The poll and the political year changed almost immediately .	The polls and the political year changed almost immediately .	sing_plur	10638
Design improvements can make the filter more effective .	Design improvements can make the filters more effective .	sing_plur	10640
But the fan , they endured .	But the fans , they endured .	sing_plur	10641
Sleek athletes , horse-mounted hunters , Pan-like musicians and animals cover the surface .	Sleek athletes , horse-mounted hunters , Pan-like musicians and animals cover the surfaces .	sing_plur	10642
He said he was going to celebrate with some of the guard .	He said he was going to celebrate with some of the guards .	sing_plur	10644
Addressing crowds , Mr Putin called for calm ahead of the election .	Addressing crowds , Mr Putin called for calm ahead of the elections .	sing_plur	10646
AZUZ : Now those were some of the biggest story of the week .	AZUZ : Now those were some of the biggest stories of the week .	sing_plur	10649
Later , the rook walked outside to greet fans and sign autographs .	Later , the rooks walked outside to greet fans and sign autographs .	sing_plur	10651
I loved the double door at the back .	I loved the double doors at the back .	sing_plur	10653
The team met Wednesday , but no agreements were announced .	The teams met Wednesday , but no agreements were announced .	sing_plur	10657
Yesterday , the clinic announced the birth of the twin .	Yesterday , the clinic announced the birth of the twins .	sing_plur	10659
The victim deserved more protection than they got .	The victims deserved more protection than they got .	sing_plur	10660
" It is a disaster for the worker , " he said .	" It is a disaster for the workers , " he said .	sing_plur	10663
Carolina is 2-0 against Dallas in the playoff .	Carolina is 2-0 against Dallas in the playoffs .	sing_plur	10664
Leave the plum to cool .	Leave the plums to cool .	sing_plur	10665
I hope the chief rabbi will explain this .	I hope the chief rabbis will explain this .	sing_plur	10667
Take the remarkable anti-cancer property found in soil bacteria .	Take the remarkable anti-cancer properties found in soil bacteria .	sing_plur	10668
An autumn storm is approaching and we pull into the pit .	An autumn storm is approaching and we pull into the pits .	sing_plur	10670
The Net shot 36.8 percent for the game .	The Nets shot 36.8 percent for the game .	sing_plur	10674
Soon there were offers to help carry in the dish .	Soon there were offers to help carry in the dishes .	sing_plur	10676
They lived in dirt-floor shacks in the slum of the city .	They lived in dirt-floor shacks in the slums of the city .	sing_plur	10677
Not all climbs on the list are in the mountain .	Not all climbs on the list are in the mountains .	sing_plur	10678
It was the second meeting between the team .	It was the second meeting between the teams .	sing_plur	10679
The offering from Robin Cook , Mo Mowlam and Clare Short all disappointed .	The offerings from Robin Cook , Mo Mowlam and Clare Short all disappointed .	sing_plur	10680
But he denied that there was any dubious intent behind the mistake .	But he denied that there was any dubious intent behind the mistakes .	sing_plur	10681
Keep an eye on the standing .	Keep an eye on the standings .	sing_plur	10684
Hagen said conditions were optimal to conduct the test .	Hagen said conditions were optimal to conduct the tests .	sing_plur	10685
The report said that was the biggest factor confusing the voter .	The report said that was the biggest factor confusing the voters .	sing_plur	10688
The test cannot prove if she died from an overdose .	The tests cannot prove if she died from an overdose .	sing_plur	10689
The officer declined to comment after the verdict was announced .	The officers declined to comment after the verdict was announced .	sing_plur	10691
The woman got both tests .	The women got both tests .	sing_plur	10692
The relationship between the press and the authority has sometimes been difficult .	The relationship between the press and the authorities has sometimes been difficult .	sing_plur	10695
And , it is rough , even according to the medium .	And , it is rough , even according to the media .	sing_plur	10697
This is also true of their wives and the political woman .	This is also true of their wives and the political women .	sing_plur	10699
That was fine with the customer , too .	That was fine with the customers , too .	sing_plur	10702
Look instead for the fan behind the goal posts .	Look instead for the fans behind the goal posts .	sing_plur	10703
As a coach , he seems relaxed with the medium .	As a coach , he seems relaxed with the media .	sing_plur	10705
The other lived .	The others lived .	sing_plur	10706
News Corp. calls the claim preposterous .	News Corp. calls the claims preposterous .	sing_plur	10707
He acknowledged that the certified letter sent to Griffin were returned unopened .	He acknowledged that the certified letters sent to Griffin were returned unopened .	sing_plur	10708
I found one aspect of the statistic shocking .	I found one aspect of the statistics shocking .	sing_plur	10709
However , it is in no one 's interests to demolish the house .	However , it is in no one 's interests to demolish the houses .	sing_plur	10710
Hungary are out of contention for a place in the final .	Hungary are out of contention for a place in the finals .	sing_plur	10713
The judge at the Mohegan Sun scored it 115-112 , 116-111 and 114-113 .	The judges at the Mohegan Sun scored it 115-112 , 116-111 and 114-113 .	sing_plur	10714
Their charred bodies were found locked in an embrace , the authority said .	Their charred bodies were found locked in an embrace , the authorities said .	sing_plur	10715
The stake had become very high .	The stakes had become very high .	sing_plur	10720
But the partyer can tolerate a little bank boosterism .	But the partyers can tolerate a little bank boosterism .	sing_plur	10721
North Koreans hope that foreign capital will help finish the building .	North Koreans hope that foreign capital will help finish the buildings .	sing_plur	10723
There could be widespread disruptions in Hollywood as other unions support the writer .	There could be widespread disruptions in Hollywood as other unions support the writers .	sing_plur	10725
She announced the finding at an information security conference in Montreal on Tuesday .	She announced the findings at an information security conference in Montreal on Tuesday .	sing_plur	10726
A teacher had overheard the boy talking and questioned one of them .	A teacher had overheard the boys talking and questioned one of them .	sing_plur	10727
But if he loses , the damage might reach beyond the courthouse .	But if he loses , the damages might reach beyond the courthouse .	sing_plur	10728
For in this drama the troops take the power from the politician .	For in this drama the troops take the power from the politicians .	sing_plur	10731
The lawyer had the track to themselves , so to speak .	The lawyers had the track to themselves , so to speak .	sing_plur	10733
The collective whole reaps the benefit .	The collective whole reaps the benefits .	sing_plur	10735
Even so , the Democrats have insisted on changing the agreement .	Even so , the Democrats have insisted on changing the agreements .	sing_plur	10736
The Libyan government has kept silent about the case .	The Libyan government has kept silent about the cases .	sing_plur	10737
It accounted for half the total delay caused .	It accounted for half the total delays caused .	sing_plur	10739
Models will be tottering down the catwalk until October 7 .	Models will be tottering down the catwalks until October 7 .	sing_plur	10740
Armenians have long campaigned for the killing to be recognised internationally as genocide .	Armenians have long campaigned for the killings to be recognised internationally as genocide .	sing_plur	10741
Best Buy instructed stores to stop selling the product on Oct. 1 .	Best Buy instructed stores to stop selling the products on Oct. 1 .	sing_plur	10742
Authorities said the child had slept in tents at the compound .	Authorities said the children had slept in tents at the compound .	sing_plur	10745
His letter did not provide specifics of the recommendation .	His letter did not provide specifics of the recommendations .	sing_plur	10747
Add the chive and cook 1 minute more .	Add the chives and cook 1 minute more .	sing_plur	10748
The way the player played -- we made Israel look ordinary .	The way the players played -- we made Israel look ordinary .	sing_plur	10749
We all know the rule .	We all know the rules .	sing_plur	10750
Another summer is in the book .	Another summer is in the books .	sing_plur	10751
He also rose through the rank of the teachers ' union .	He also rose through the ranks of the teachers ' union .	sing_plur	10755
Police have urged anyone with information about the death to come forward .	Police have urged anyone with information about the deaths to come forward .	sing_plur	10756
The Army Corps averages the number from several gauges around the lake .	The Army Corps averages the numbers from several gauges around the lake .	sing_plur	10757
She understands the market .	She understands the markets .	sing_plur	10758
About 1,800 students in all are enrolled in the school .	About 1,800 students in all are enrolled in the schools .	sing_plur	10759
Black ribbons were wrapped around the column of another house .	Black ribbons were wrapped around the columns of another house .	sing_plur	10760
Dear John , Here 's a tabular summary of the datum .	Dear John , Here 's a tabular summary of the data .	sing_plur	10761
His America One team reached the challenger final in 2000 .	His America One team reached the challengers final in 2000 .	sing_plur	10762
After D-Day , the machine helped track German troop movements .	After D-Day , the machines helped track German troop movements .	sing_plur	10766
The share fell more than 7 percent in after-hours trading .	The shares fell more than 7 percent in after-hours trading .	sing_plur	10767
Associations reported the lowest aggregate increase at 0.2 % .	Associations reported the lowest aggregate increases at 0.2 % .	sing_plur	10769
The kid throwing up - that was pretty gross .	The kids throwing up - that was pretty gross .	sing_plur	10771
So they imposed the rule .	So they imposed the rules .	sing_plur	10772
Several intelligence officers were among the victim .	Several intelligence officers were among the victims .	sing_plur	10774
Underwood , Woolmer , Amiss and Knott were again among the rebel .	Underwood , Woolmer , Amiss and Knott were again among the rebels .	sing_plur	10775
The Post and The New York Times shared the cost of publication .	The Post and The New York Times shared the costs of publication .	sing_plur	10776
But time is short so we head for the bush .	But time is short so we head for the bushes .	sing_plur	10777
The soldier told me that Dmitry was good ; they liked him .	The soldiers told me that Dmitry was good ; they liked him .	sing_plur	10778
The comedy came from the Coen .	The comedy came from the Coens .	sing_plur	10780
Some negotiation-watchers are taking a somewhat jaded view of the latest development .	Some negotiation-watchers are taking a somewhat jaded view of the latest developments .	sing_plur	10781
The uniform worn by PCSOs vary widely .	The uniforms worn by PCSOs vary widely .	sing_plur	10782
That could explain the smaller decline in shares of those chains .	That could explain the smaller declines in shares of those chains .	sing_plur	10784
I have so many books on the star .	I have so many books on the stars .	sing_plur	10788
The name of the victims had not been announced .	The names of the victims had not been announced .	sing_plur	10791
An Afghan soldier was also killed during the clash .	An Afghan soldier was also killed during the clashes .	sing_plur	10792
11 attacks affected the number .	11 attacks affected the numbers .	sing_plur	10793
Tourists love Paris -- but not necessarily the Parisian .	Tourists love Paris -- but not necessarily the Parisians .	sing_plur	10794
In the final day his appeal is disarmingly simple .	In the final days his appeal is disarmingly simple .	sing_plur	10797
Experts have the number to prove it .	Experts have the numbers to prove it .	sing_plur	10801
First comes something popular , then the knockoff .	First comes something popular , then the knockoffs .	sing_plur	10802
When the officer looked closer they found two dead calves hidden beneath it .	When the officers looked closer they found two dead calves hidden beneath it .	sing_plur	10803
They do not and neither , it seems , do the challenge .	They do not and neither , it seems , do the challenges .	sing_plur	10807
Economics plays the cruellest trick .	Economics plays the cruellest tricks .	sing_plur	10809
We each have a responsibility to be passionate about the belief .	We each have a responsibility to be passionate about the beliefs .	sing_plur	10810
Organizers played down the small crowd .	Organizers played down the small crowds .	sing_plur	10811
Cable news channel CNBC 's Charlie Gasparino reported the rumor .	Cable news channel CNBC 's Charlie Gasparino reported the rumors .	sing_plur	10812
A good ratafia exploits the season and transcends them .	A good ratafia exploits the seasons and transcends them .	sing_plur	10813
Jack opened the floodgate in the 50th minute .	Jack opened the floodgates in the 50th minute .	sing_plur	10814
The source also said the board probably will renew his license .	The sources also said the board probably will renew his license .	sing_plur	10815
We were told the dimension .	We were told the dimensions .	sing_plur	10818
It is a good foundation for the future discussion .	It is a good foundation for the future discussions .	sing_plur	10819
All three women denied the accusation .	All three women denied the accusations .	sing_plur	10821
The sensors are also confused by moisture , the official said .	The sensors are also confused by moisture , the officials said .	sing_plur	10822
They watched the star and heard the waves lapping .	They watched the stars and heard the waves lapping .	sing_plur	10824
The debate load is weighing on the candidate , too .	The debate load is weighing on the candidates , too .	sing_plur	10825
Think of the cinematic lawyer since then .	Think of the cinematic lawyers since then .	sing_plur	10830
The winner will fly down with the players .	The winners will fly down with the players .	sing_plur	10832
The eye followed it exactly .	The eyes followed it exactly .	sing_plur	10833
After a heated struggle , the detective managed to handcuff him .	After a heated struggle , the detectives managed to handcuff him .	sing_plur	10834
Bush has appeared energized by the event of the past few weeks .	Bush has appeared energized by the events of the past few weeks .	sing_plur	10835
He is trying to rewrite the rule quickly and quietly .	He is trying to rewrite the rules quickly and quietly .	sing_plur	10836
Following are the result of yesterday 's Treasury auction of four-week bills .	Following are the results of yesterday 's Treasury auction of four-week bills .	sing_plur	10838
The regulation made an exception for suspected criminals .	The regulations made an exception for suspected criminals .	sing_plur	10839
Reduce the bloated bureaucracy , and you reduce the cost .	Reduce the bloated bureaucracy , and you reduce the costs .	sing_plur	10840
The visitor will learn of the distilling going back to 1820 .	The visitors will learn of the distilling going back to 1820 .	sing_plur	10841
The union already held a one-day strike in October .	The unions already held a one-day strike in October .	sing_plur	10843
The view expressed here are those of the author alone .	The views expressed here are those of the author alone .	sing_plur	10844
It is great for the city and the fan .	It is great for the city and the fans .	sing_plur	10845
The objection effectively block Indiana officials from issuing the permit .	The objections effectively block Indiana officials from issuing the permit .	sing_plur	10846
I am still confident we can win over the majority of the voter .	I am still confident we can win over the majority of the voters .	sing_plur	10847
The psychologist offered the children stickers and the monkeys M & M 's .	The psychologists offered the children stickers and the monkeys M & M 's .	sing_plur	10848
Few people close the curtain here .	Few people close the curtains here .	sing_plur	10850
The chance of a perfect 15-of-15 betting record in that situation are astronomical .	The chances of a perfect 15-of-15 betting record in that situation are astronomical .	sing_plur	10851
The numbers underscore the divergent path of the two firms .	The numbers underscore the divergent paths of the two firms .	sing_plur	10852
He is set to return to the airwave next month .	He is set to return to the airwaves next month .	sing_plur	10856
The performer also included Andrea Smith .	The performers also included Andrea Smith .	sing_plur	10857
The car have rims .	The cars have rims .	sing_plur	10858
Suzuki entered the day leading the major in hits .	Suzuki entered the day leading the majors in hits .	sing_plur	10861
Hurt said the woman had taken good care of the child .	Hurt said the woman had taken good care of the children .	sing_plur	10862
We just did not quite make the play on defense .	We just did not quite make the plays on defense .	sing_plur	10863
And that raises parallel issues in the mind of some academics .	And that raises parallel issues in the minds of some academics .	sing_plur	10865
Tehran denies the accusation .	Tehran denies the accusations .	sing_plur	10869
Nothing will dissolve the floater .	Nothing will dissolve the floaters .	sing_plur	10870
Real Swedish roots began to grow when the child arrived .	Real Swedish roots began to grow when the children arrived .	sing_plur	10872
The senator had reason for their flagging interest in Petraeus .	The senators had reason for their flagging interest in Petraeus .	sing_plur	10873
He is seen some of the worst atrocity of the Burmese military .	He is seen some of the worst atrocities of the Burmese military .	sing_plur	10875
The Sotos are not the only one going through this .	The Sotos are not the only ones going through this .	sing_plur	10876
We were and are the singer .	We were and are the singers .	sing_plur	10878
Forget the snazzy suit and multimillion dollar defense team .	Forget the snazzy suits and multimillion dollar defense team .	sing_plur	10880
He was responsible for the death of many people .	He was responsible for the deaths of many people .	sing_plur	10883
Such are the promise of genetically modified ( GM ) rice .	Such are the promises of genetically modified ( GM ) rice .	sing_plur	10884
It is something I warned the actor about .	It is something I warned the actors about .	sing_plur	10885
That move is taxable to the sponsor .	That move is taxable to the sponsors .	sing_plur	10886
Nine new ornament artists have created 20 of the style .	Nine new ornament artists have created 20 of the styles .	sing_plur	10889
The sister had assumed such beatings were standard at every school .	The sisters had assumed such beatings were standard at every school .	sing_plur	10890
The pound melted off .	The pounds melted off .	sing_plur	10893
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , was quick to ridicule the claim .	David Cameron , the Conservative leader , was quick to ridicule the claims .	sing_plur	10894
And the problem could get worse .	And the problems could get worse .	sing_plur	10896
The rule will require that key components be made in China .	The rules will require that key components be made in China .	sing_plur	10897
U2 frontman Bono is notably among the nominee .	U2 frontman Bono is notably among the nominees .	sing_plur	10898
But he took some solace when the audience booed the judge .	But he took some solace when the audience booed the judges .	sing_plur	10899
Lau absorbed the loss .	Lau absorbed the losses .	sing_plur	10901
Drummer Jamie Oldaker of the Tractor is 56 .	Drummer Jamie Oldaker of the Tractors is 56 .	sing_plur	10904
" We need to look at the proposal first , " he said .	" We need to look at the proposals first , " he said .	sing_plur	10905
The two leaders also discussed the latest regional development .	The two leaders also discussed the latest regional developments .	sing_plur	10907
But the villagers deny Turkish accusations that they support the guerrilla .	But the villagers deny Turkish accusations that they support the guerrillas .	sing_plur	10908
Buddy Holly , Motown and the Beatles were waiting in the wing .	Buddy Holly , Motown and the Beatles were waiting in the wings .	sing_plur	10909
They stood quietly as the judge read the verdict .	They stood quietly as the judge read the verdicts .	sing_plur	10910
Brown is riding high in the poll .	Brown is riding high in the polls .	sing_plur	10912
Amscan of Elmsford , N.Y. , imported the fake tooth .	Amscan of Elmsford , N.Y. , imported the fake teeth .	sing_plur	10915
As in 2005 , no dividend payment was recommended by the director .	As in 2005 , no dividend payment was recommended by the directors .	sing_plur	10916
First-time offenders will take a 90-minute class on the effect of alcohol .	First-time offenders will take a 90-minute class on the effects of alcohol .	sing_plur	10918
Moments later , Randolph sat at his locker and glumly provided the detail .	Moments later , Randolph sat at his locker and glumly provided the details .	sing_plur	10921
The patrol contracts with local ranchers to board and feed the animal .	The patrol contracts with local ranchers to board and feed the animals .	sing_plur	10922
The kidnapper had forced me to lie face down on the floor .	The kidnappers had forced me to lie face down on the floor .	sing_plur	10924
Councillors have also expressed some concerns about the cost of the scheme .	Councillors have also expressed some concerns about the costs of the scheme .	sing_plur	10925
By Christmas Eve , the Redskins may be eliminated from the playoff .	By Christmas Eve , the Redskins may be eliminated from the playoffs .	sing_plur	10926
Let 's get right to the question !	Let 's get right to the questions !	sing_plur	10928
Prosecutors contended that he groped the girl over their clothing .	Prosecutors contended that he groped the girls over their clothing .	sing_plur	10929
It is up to the professional in the security field .	It is up to the professionals in the security field .	sing_plur	10930
Last month , the organization issued a statement supporting the fee .	Last month , the organization issued a statement supporting the fees .	sing_plur	10931
Still , the challenge for freshmen can be daunting .	Still , the challenges for freshmen can be daunting .	sing_plur	10932
I wear gloves before I touch any of the patient .	I wear gloves before I touch any of the patients .	sing_plur	10933
The winner would gain admission to UVA .	The winners would gain admission to UVA .	sing_plur	10934
The boy can access the investment when they turn 18 .	The boys can access the investment when they turn 18 .	sing_plur	10941
The southbound lane remained opened .	The southbound lanes remained opened .	sing_plur	10942
He did not specify which lawmakers have been briefed on the technique .	He did not specify which lawmakers have been briefed on the techniques .	sing_plur	10944
Nielsen said he cannot explain why he committed the killing .	Nielsen said he cannot explain why he committed the killings .	sing_plur	10946
Scratching the bite can lead to infection .	Scratching the bites can lead to infection .	sing_plur	10950
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claims responsibility for the attack .	Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb claims responsibility for the attacks .	sing_plur	10951
I just did not see the result of it anywhere .	I just did not see the results of it anywhere .	sing_plur	10952
Calles where the street should be .	Calles where the streets should be .	sing_plur	10956
It deeply reclined by pivoting at the hip .	It deeply reclined by pivoting at the hips .	sing_plur	10957
Bhutto must slowly ratchet up the tension so that elections can take place .	Bhutto must slowly ratchet up the tensions so that elections can take place .	sing_plur	10958
This time , the writer might not back down .	This time , the writers might not back down .	sing_plur	10959
The company will be responsible for any cost overruns .	The companies will be responsible for any cost overruns .	sing_plur	10960
The child must confront their own increased risk .	The children must confront their own increased risk .	sing_plur	10966
If you need proof , just check out the picture .	If you need proof , just check out the pictures .	sing_plur	10967
The public cares far less about these events than do the pundit .	The public cares far less about these events than do the pundits .	sing_plur	10968
Now he fears the inhabitant will simply move away .	Now he fears the inhabitants will simply move away .	sing_plur	10969
We are very pleased with the result and optimistic about our business .	We are very pleased with the results and optimistic about our business .	sing_plur	10970
Mr. K , the paralegal , felt the strain more than the other .	Mr. K , the paralegal , felt the strain more than the others .	sing_plur	10971
Together the building contained 142 apartments , housing about 300 people .	Together the buildings contained 142 apartments , housing about 300 people .	sing_plur	10972
Blackwater does not say the civil defense forces killed the guard , however .	Blackwater does not say the civil defense forces killed the guards , however .	sing_plur	10975
He wanted the whole picture , not just the highlight .	He wanted the whole picture , not just the highlights .	sing_plur	10976
The restaurant did not even last two years .	The restaurants did not even last two years .	sing_plur	10977
Missing , however , were the smaller detail .	Missing , however , were the smaller details .	sing_plur	10980
The family asked for donations to keep the event alive .	The family asked for donations to keep the events alive .	sing_plur	10981
Ban said he understands the frustration of the millions uprooted from their homes .	Ban said he understands the frustrations of the millions uprooted from their homes .	sing_plur	10982
You can use our Learning Activity to help students discover the answer .	You can use our Learning Activity to help students discover the answers .	sing_plur	10983
The Steeler had 145 yards in kick returns .	The Steelers had 145 yards in kick returns .	sing_plur	10984
The sibling lived together for two years .	The siblings lived together for two years .	sing_plur	10987
The law firm has denied the charge .	The law firm has denied the charges .	sing_plur	10989
There have been other Kathryn Johnstons over the year .	There have been other Kathryn Johnstons over the years .	sing_plur	10991
The world should know we reject the tactic of the enemy .	The world should know we reject the tactics of the enemy .	sing_plur	10994
But police arrested the student who took it on theft charges .	But police arrested the students who took it on theft charges .	sing_plur	10998
He has pledged to abide by the result .	He has pledged to abide by the results .	sing_plur	11000
" Those guys are making the play , " Brady said .	" Those guys are making the plays , " Brady said .	sing_plur	11001
We saw the soldier ... being brought back in body bags .	We saw the soldiers ... being brought back in body bags .	sing_plur	11003
The military did not immediately respond to comment about the latest arrest .	The military did not immediately respond to comment about the latest arrests .	sing_plur	11004
We follow very closely the rhythm of Tolstoy 's sentences .	We follow very closely the rhythms of Tolstoy 's sentences .	sing_plur	11005
Defense Ministry officials would not comment on the report .	Defense Ministry officials would not comment on the reports .	sing_plur	11006
There was no word on when the captive would be released .	There was no word on when the captives would be released .	sing_plur	11007
Filming the fight scene proved gruelling for the actor .	Filming the fight scene proved gruelling for the actors .	sing_plur	11008
Campaigning group Unite Against Fascism also condemned the comment .	Campaigning group Unite Against Fascism also condemned the comments .	sing_plur	11009
The monk also had an economic motive .	The monks also had an economic motive .	sing_plur	11010
The D-back went 4-for-27 with runners in scoring position in the series .	The D-backs went 4-for-27 with runners in scoring position in the series .	sing_plur	11011
The worker targeted the most heavily contaminated beaches .	The workers targeted the most heavily contaminated beaches .	sing_plur	11012
The tender will be adjudicated by a committee appointed by SASSA .	The tenders will be adjudicated by a committee appointed by SASSA .	sing_plur	11013
Again , the fine-but-unremarkable number ranked a 26 from the judge .	Again , the fine-but-unremarkable number ranked a 26 from the judges .	sing_plur	11015
The other stared .	The others stared .	sing_plur	11017
I try to keep a jaundiced eye out for the ringer .	I try to keep a jaundiced eye out for the ringers .	sing_plur	11018
The statement made herein are independent statements of NowAuto Group , Inc .	The statements made herein are independent statements of NowAuto Group , Inc .	sing_plur	11019
Gilbert Arenas scored 21 points to lead the Wizard .	Gilbert Arenas scored 21 points to lead the Wizards .	sing_plur	11021
Kevin Long , the batting coach , defended the hitter .	Kevin Long , the batting coach , defended the hitters .	sing_plur	11022
The statistic would argue there is little cause for concern .	The statistics would argue there is little cause for concern .	sing_plur	11024
The FAA will pay for the service .	The FAA will pay for the services .	sing_plur	11025
Maher 's questions were designed to catch the candidate off guard .	Maher 's questions were designed to catch the candidates off guard .	sing_plur	11026
He refused to disclose the detail .	He refused to disclose the details .	sing_plur	11027
I turned around to talk to the guy in back .	I turned around to talk to the guys in back .	sing_plur	11029
If anything , opinion has been hardening against the striker .	If anything , opinion has been hardening against the strikers .	sing_plur	11030
The cheapest ticket for overseas fans will start at $ 80 dollars .	The cheapest tickets for overseas fans will start at $ 80 dollars .	sing_plur	11031
They remained the guiding hand there until its closure in 1997 .	They remained the guiding hands there until its closure in 1997 .	sing_plur	11032
Some remarried , often for the sake of the child .	Some remarried , often for the sake of the children .	sing_plur	11033
Vince Carter added 18 points for the Net .	Vince Carter added 18 points for the Nets .	sing_plur	11034
Visit the site to learn more about local chapters .	Visit the sites to learn more about local chapters .	sing_plur	11035
Hillman has never played or managed in the major .	Hillman has never played or managed in the majors .	sing_plur	11036
Follow the local .	Follow the locals .	sing_plur	11037
The family in the yard will be also evicted .	The families in the yard will be also evicted .	sing_plur	11038
Koonin oversaw the successful branding of TNT and TBS .	Koonin oversaw the successful brandings of TNT and TBS .	sing_plur	11040
The justice gave no reason .	The justices gave no reason .	sing_plur	11042
The missile never left Air Force control , they said .	The missiles never left Air Force control , they said .	sing_plur	11043
By then most of the disgruntled fan had left .	By then most of the disgruntled fans had left .	sing_plur	11044
Both could suffer economically by introducing more competition , the supervisor said .	Both could suffer economically by introducing more competition , the supervisors said .	sing_plur	11045
The vast majority of cases were in the endemic country .	The vast majority of cases were in the endemic countries .	sing_plur	11046
The benefit of SceneExchange demonstrated during this time have been positive .	The benefits of SceneExchange demonstrated during this time have been positive .	sing_plur	11050
The former hostage , appearing exhausted , stood before reporters and bowed .	The former hostages , appearing exhausted , stood before reporters and bowed .	sing_plur	11051
The G.P.S. was directing us to the distant hill .	The G.P.S. was directing us to the distant hills .	sing_plur	11052
Initial reports said the child died of exhaustion and hypothermia .	Initial reports said the children died of exhaustion and hypothermia .	sing_plur	11054
The editor of The Times and The Daily Telegraph knew better .	The editors of The Times and The Daily Telegraph knew better .	sing_plur	11055
Drew Neitzel had 16 for the Spartan .	Drew Neitzel had 16 for the Spartans .	sing_plur	11057
Among the score of straightforward dishes , some had appeal .	Among the scores of straightforward dishes , some had appeal .	sing_plur	11058
You cannot argue with the result .	You cannot argue with the results .	sing_plur	11061
The value of the contract fell 38 percent to $ 693.7 million .	The value of the contracts fell 38 percent to $ 693.7 million .	sing_plur	11065
Detectives then set up an undercover operation to trap the suspect .	Detectives then set up an undercover operation to trap the suspects .	sing_plur	11066
Her brocade minidresses were beautiful and so were the harlequin printed one .	Her brocade minidresses were beautiful and so were the harlequin printed ones .	sing_plur	11067
Within minutes , the slum exploded into violence .	Within minutes , the slums exploded into violence .	sing_plur	11068
Hey , to the victors go the spoil .	Hey , to the victors go the spoils .	sing_plur	11069
The recommendation I provided were informed by operational and strategic considerations .	The recommendations I provided were informed by operational and strategic considerations .	sing_plur	11070
It was not possible to verify the conflicting claim independently .	It was not possible to verify the conflicting claims independently .	sing_plur	11071
In July , authorities managed to swap out the chemical .	In July , authorities managed to swap out the chemicals .	sing_plur	11072
The airline in Nepal did not lose my bag .	The airlines in Nepal did not lose my bag .	sing_plur	11073
The nonprofit lender disagreed with the finding .	The nonprofit lender disagreed with the findings .	sing_plur	11074
Two of the other officer suffered minor injuries in the incident .	Two of the other officers suffered minor injuries in the incident .	sing_plur	11075
Separation creates pain all round , whatever the reason for the split .	Separation creates pain all round , whatever the reasons for the split .	sing_plur	11076
Six of the man appeared at Bradford Magistrates ' Court yesterday .	Six of the men appeared at Bradford Magistrates ' Court yesterday .	sing_plur	11077
She also found patrons who admitted using drugs on the premise .	She also found patrons who admitted using drugs on the premises .	sing_plur	11079
BOSTON - Trot Nixon was back at Fenway Park in the playoff .	BOSTON - Trot Nixon was back at Fenway Park in the playoffs .	sing_plur	11080
Capitol Hill is following the revelation about the scandal .	Capitol Hill is following the revelations about the scandal .	sing_plur	11085
At least 14 people have died as a result of the fire .	At least 14 people have died as a result of the fires .	sing_plur	11086
The victim had just cleaned up a mud- covered home .	The victims had just cleaned up a mud- covered home .	sing_plur	11087
Officers from the Metropolitan Police are now liaising with the Dutch authority .	Officers from the Metropolitan Police are now liaising with the Dutch authorities .	sing_plur	11088
He only heard the last ringtone .	He only heard the last ringtones .	sing_plur	11089
What the family found in Elbeyendi though was utter destruction .	What the families found in Elbeyendi though was utter destruction .	sing_plur	11090
The number varied a lot from nation to nation .	The numbers varied a lot from nation to nation .	sing_plur	11091
Demonstrators take to the street .	Demonstrators take to the streets .	sing_plur	11093
I liked the story too .	I liked the stories too .	sing_plur	11095
We do not accept a system that simply shuffles children through the school .	We do not accept a system that simply shuffles children through the schools .	sing_plur	11098
Most of the heavyweight in the cabinet maintained their portfolios .	Most of the heavyweights in the cabinet maintained their portfolios .	sing_plur	11099
The total value of the contract awarded was approximately $ 21 million .	The total value of the contracts awarded was approximately $ 21 million .	sing_plur	11100
They wanted the camera to catch it .	They wanted the cameras to catch it .	sing_plur	11101
Fielder-Civil denies the charge .	Fielder-Civil denies the charges .	sing_plur	11103
No one was hit by any of the arrow .	No one was hit by any of the arrows .	sing_plur	11104
Here she answers some of the question sent in by readers .	Here she answers some of the questions sent in by readers .	sing_plur	11105
The bride did not go with them .	The brides did not go with them .	sing_plur	11109
The young man still cannot find jobs .	The young men still cannot find jobs .	sing_plur	11110
The protest contributed to the fall of his government two years later .	The protests contributed to the fall of his government two years later .	sing_plur	11113
The Austrian government repeatedly checked the serial number of the murder weapons .	The Austrian government repeatedly checked the serial numbers of the murder weapons .	sing_plur	11114
The project also often require contractors to extend existing vents and chimneys .	The projects also often require contractors to extend existing vents and chimneys .	sing_plur	11116
He blames himself for some of the tribulation .	He blames himself for some of the tribulations .	sing_plur	11117
The dispute over the Spitzer policy appears headed for the court .	The dispute over the Spitzer policy appears headed for the courts .	sing_plur	11118
The stigma can be as upsetting as the symptom .	The stigma can be as upsetting as the symptoms .	sing_plur	11120
I used polling in the state .	I used polling in the states .	sing_plur	11123
Police are hunting two Asian men they believe are behind the killing .	Police are hunting two Asian men they believe are behind the killings .	sing_plur	11124
The move is likely to raise tensions between the country .	The move is likely to raise tensions between the countries .	sing_plur	11125
The American state had that luck .	The American states had that luck .	sing_plur	11126
They asked the defendant to help transfer money .	They asked the defendants to help transfer money .	sing_plur	11128
Mohammed also faces terrorism-related charges for allegedly demonstrating how to use the explosive .	Mohammed also faces terrorism-related charges for allegedly demonstrating how to use the explosives .	sing_plur	11129
Most of the site linked to from Kids.gov are those of government agencies .	Most of the sites linked to from Kids.gov are those of government agencies .	sing_plur	11132
Most of the other used just one or two .	Most of the others used just one or two .	sing_plur	11134
The plane will be operational between 2008 and 2014 .	The planes will be operational between 2008 and 2014 .	sing_plur	11135
On the trail , he has shown a limp grasp of the issue .	On the trail , he has shown a limp grasp of the issues .	sing_plur	11136
Officials said the aircraft carried 455 passengers including 11 in the suite .	Officials said the aircraft carried 455 passengers including 11 in the suites .	sing_plur	11137
I hit the brake .	I hit the brakes .	sing_plur	11140
British officials quickly denied the allegation .	British officials quickly denied the allegations .	sing_plur	11141
It is just something I do to pay the bill .	It is just something I do to pay the bills .	sing_plur	11142
And they are alarmed at the extreme of temperature .	And they are alarmed at the extremes of temperature .	sing_plur	11143
The court is expected to rule on the other petition later this week .	The court is expected to rule on the other petitions later this week .	sing_plur	11144
The winner of this year 's competition will be announced on Friday .	The winners of this year 's competition will be announced on Friday .	sing_plur	11145
We lived in a two-bed-room cement-block house with a courtyard for the cow .	We lived in a two-bed-room cement-block house with a courtyard for the cows .	sing_plur	11147
I try to concentrate on the area where I can make a difference .	I try to concentrate on the areas where I can make a difference .	sing_plur	11148
The plaintiff said he was served with the papers Tuesday .	The plaintiffs said he was served with the papers Tuesday .	sing_plur	11152
The only escape was out the window , four stories above the street .	The only escape was out the windows , four stories above the street .	sing_plur	11153
The only difference is that we are no longer in the jungle .	The only difference is that we are no longer in the jungles .	sing_plur	11154
Nobody returns the damn thing .	Nobody returns the damn things .	sing_plur	11155
The Gator ( 4-0 ) closed the first half on a 17-2 run .	The Gators ( 4-0 ) closed the first half on a 17-2 run .	sing_plur	11156
The body of one soldier was dragged through the street .	The body of one soldier was dragged through the streets .	sing_plur	11157
UPDATE : The parent returned Daughter No. 1 's money .	UPDATE : The parents returned Daughter No. 1 's money .	sing_plur	11158
Since Spears became single , her troubles have played out in the tabloid .	Since Spears became single , her troubles have played out in the tabloids .	sing_plur	11161
Sometimes I can still hear the insult ringing in my ears .	Sometimes I can still hear the insults ringing in my ears .	sing_plur	11162
The rate also rose with levels of social deprivation .	The rates also rose with levels of social deprivation .	sing_plur	11163
Local officials say Kano was primed to believe the rumor .	Local officials say Kano was primed to believe the rumors .	sing_plur	11164
Tuesday to pick up the ticket at the box office .	Tuesday to pick up the tickets at the box office .	sing_plur	11166
Then they empty the content down their throats .	Then they empty the contents down their throats .	sing_plur	11168
The decision will be delicate for Francona .	The decisions will be delicate for Francona .	sing_plur	11170
The source said the police pursuit was over almost before it began .	The sources said the police pursuit was over almost before it began .	sing_plur	11172
And as Hansen was writing , assassination attempts were in the headline .	And as Hansen was writing , assassination attempts were in the headlines .	sing_plur	11173
The lawyer at Pinsent Masons must have been reading my mind .	The lawyers at Pinsent Masons must have been reading my mind .	sing_plur	11176
One should seek God among the animal .	One should seek God among the animals .	sing_plur	11179
King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg said in announcing the charge .	King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg said in announcing the charges .	sing_plur	11180
McCormick said the report may be erroneous .	McCormick said the reports may be erroneous .	sing_plur	11181
IT IS seldom clear precisely who calls the shot in Iran .	IT IS seldom clear precisely who calls the shots in Iran .	sing_plur	11183
The abdominal aorta carries blood to the intestine and other organs nearby .	The abdominal aorta carries blood to the intestines and other organs nearby .	sing_plur	11184
You get used to it and you shake the big hit off .	You get used to it and you shake the big hits off .	sing_plur	11185
And that is why this team will not advance to the playoff .	And that is why this team will not advance to the playoffs .	sing_plur	11187
That is very important for the fan .	That is very important for the fans .	sing_plur	11190
The incident occurred from January 2000 through April 2006 .	The incidents occurred from January 2000 through April 2006 .	sing_plur	11191
Ten of the patient had ulcers colonized with MRSA .	Ten of the patients had ulcers colonized with MRSA .	sing_plur	11192
Jem knew right away when she saw the uniform .	Jem knew right away when she saw the uniforms .	sing_plur	11194
The movie is made for the book .	The movie is made for the books .	sing_plur	11195
If anything , the platform seemed less crowded than usual .	If anything , the platforms seemed less crowded than usual .	sing_plur	11196
Kilpatrick , 36 , has denied the allegation .	Kilpatrick , 36 , has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	11199
" " But you cannot do the black word .	" " But you cannot do the black words .	sing_plur	11200
Here and elsewhere angry ex-soldiers have been taking to the street .	Here and elsewhere angry ex-soldiers have been taking to the streets .	sing_plur	11202
He was chased up the stair and gunned down .	He was chased up the stairs and gunned down .	sing_plur	11204
Inhaled drugs called bronchodilators can halt attacks by opening up the airway .	Inhaled drugs called bronchodilators can halt attacks by opening up the airways .	sing_plur	11205
The election scheduled for January are up in the air .	The elections scheduled for January are up in the air .	sing_plur	11206
Detectives said they were treating the woman 's deaths as suspicious .	Detectives said they were treating the women 's deaths as suspicious .	sing_plur	11207
Officials with Zoe 's Ark denied the charge .	Officials with Zoe 's Ark denied the charges .	sing_plur	11208
We care deeply about the folk in this part of the world .	We care deeply about the folks in this part of the world .	sing_plur	11209
The share fell to $ 32.65 after hours .	The shares fell to $ 32.65 after hours .	sing_plur	11211
The cost of implementing the change is likely to be high .	The cost of implementing the changes is likely to be high .	sing_plur	11221
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the letter was confidential .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the letter was confidential .	sing_plur	11223
But the message accelerated , continuing into the evening .	But the messages accelerated , continuing into the evening .	sing_plur	11224
No one knows whether the man survived the collapse .	No one knows whether the men survived the collapse .	sing_plur	11226
Benazir and I had made up over the year .	Benazir and I had made up over the years .	sing_plur	11227
Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended him indefinitely after Vick admitted to the grisly charge .	Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended him indefinitely after Vick admitted to the grisly charges .	sing_plur	11228
Beaver lobbied for years to have the sample tested .	Beaver lobbied for years to have the samples tested .	sing_plur	11230
He then arranged for the boot to be collected .	He then arranged for the boots to be collected .	sing_plur	11231
The preservationist should get a grip .	The preservationists should get a grip .	sing_plur	11232
The man will be sentenced on Wednesday .	The men will be sentenced on Wednesday .	sing_plur	11233
Tina Stone , from Glapthorne , Northamptonshire , took the woman 's title .	Tina Stone , from Glapthorne , Northamptonshire , took the women 's title .	sing_plur	11237
It was not immediately clear how the tiger escaped .	It was not immediately clear how the tigers escaped .	sing_plur	11238
Andray Blatche joined the Wizard out of high school .	Andray Blatche joined the Wizards out of high school .	sing_plur	11239
The election must go on .	The elections must go on .	sing_plur	11240
Manners are regarded as a relic of the old day .	Manners are regarded as a relic of the old days .	sing_plur	11241
He does not want to talk about the Oscar .	He does not want to talk about the Oscars .	sing_plur	11242
We 'll name the pheasant for the other candidate .	We 'll name the pheasant for the other candidates .	sing_plur	11243
Inflation is hitting the income of the poor .	Inflation is hitting the incomes of the poor .	sing_plur	11244
He is proved that he belongs in the big league .	He is proved that he belongs in the big leagues .	sing_plur	11246
The New Vision was put aside while Landwind ironed out the kink .	The New Vision was put aside while Landwind ironed out the kinks .	sing_plur	11250
The report did not detail the cost of the plan .	The report did not detail the cost of the plans .	sing_plur	11251
Someone had taken the boat out in the early hour of the morning .	Someone had taken the boat out in the early hours of the morning .	sing_plur	11252
Only the effort of a few prominent Turin citizens prevented this .	Only the efforts of a few prominent Turin citizens prevented this .	sing_plur	11253
Bilal and the other made a secret plan .	Bilal and the others made a secret plan .	sing_plur	11257
The fortunate one went to the movies .	The fortunate ones went to the movies .	sing_plur	11260
They noticed that patients started feeling less depressed the night after the injection .	They noticed that patients started feeling less depressed the night after the injections .	sing_plur	11261
" " I do not want to fight the battle of the 1960s .	" " I do not want to fight the battles of the 1960s .	sing_plur	11262
Soon after , the video was appearing and being described in the medium .	Soon after , the video was appearing and being described in the media .	sing_plur	11263
This most critical of issues has barely made it into the presidential debate .	This most critical of issues has barely made it into the presidential debates .	sing_plur	11264
The Maoists Have Not Commented On The Allegation .	The Maoists Have Not Commented On The Allegations .	sing_plur	11265
This time the Cd failed to arrive .	This time the CDs failed to arrive .	sing_plur	11266
But that was as radical as the protester got .	But that was as radical as the protesters got .	sing_plur	11267
Some of the biggest saving can be found in the air .	Some of the biggest savings can be found in the air .	sing_plur	11269
Mike James added 13 points for the Rocket .	Mike James added 13 points for the Rockets .	sing_plur	11270
Zydrunas Ilgauskas chipped in 18 for the Cavalier .	Zydrunas Ilgauskas chipped in 18 for the Cavaliers .	sing_plur	11271
We could learn a lot from the nerd .	We could learn a lot from the nerds .	sing_plur	11272
NATO did not identify the nationality of the dead and wounded soldiers .	NATO did not identify the nationalities of the dead and wounded soldiers .	sing_plur	11273
The remark drew a strong applause from the audience .	The remarks drew a strong applause from the audience .	sing_plur	11274
The judge appointed Wicoff to a three-lawyer panel that will lead the review .	The judges appointed Wicoff to a three-lawyer panel that will lead the review .	sing_plur	11275
" The phony soldier , " Limbaugh then said .	" The phony soldiers , " Limbaugh then said .	sing_plur	11276
Oct. 9 to produce the record .	Oct. 9 to produce the records .	sing_plur	11277
11 commission both concluded that the mosque played no role in the attack .	11 commission both concluded that the mosque played no role in the attacks .	sing_plur	11278
Apple Computer ( Research ) also enjoyed a strong rise in the ranking .	Apple Computer ( Research ) also enjoyed a strong rise in the rankings .	sing_plur	11279
So he went back to the friendly game at the club .	So he went back to the friendly games at the club .	sing_plur	11280
And Jesus died for the sinner .	And Jesus died for the sinners .	sing_plur	11281
Of course , the error would up haunting the snake-bitten Diamondback .	Of course , the error would up haunting the snake-bitten Diamondbacks .	sing_plur	11282
" The guy will get over it , " Boudreau said .	" The guys will get over it , " Boudreau said .	sing_plur	11283
The ladybug seemed to make themselves at home immediately .	The ladybugs seemed to make themselves at home immediately .	sing_plur	11284
" Woman 's life thrown away " said the headline .	" Woman 's life thrown away " said the headlines .	sing_plur	11287
The song hit No. 1 on the chart in 1973 .	The song hit No. 1 on the charts in 1973 .	sing_plur	11288
Schering Plough donated the inhaler to Direct Relief .	Schering Plough donated the inhalers to Direct Relief .	sing_plur	11289
Hook adds the extra .	Hook adds the extras .	sing_plur	11290
Since then , Bezos has hired big-company executives and concentrated on the number .	Since then , Bezos has hired big-company executives and concentrated on the numbers .	sing_plur	11291
The woman and her daughter were both hit by the bullet .	The woman and her daughter were both hit by the bullets .	sing_plur	11292
It can cause burning of the eye , nausea and asthma attacks .	It can cause burning of the eyes , nausea and asthma attacks .	sing_plur	11294
Edwin Encarnacion homered and had three hits for the Red .	Edwin Encarnacion homered and had three hits for the Reds .	sing_plur	11295
When the soldier fired back , shrapnel hit his eye .	When the soldiers fired back , shrapnel hit his eye .	sing_plur	11297
Hence , the DIFC matches the highest standard of transparency and governance .	Hence , the DIFC matches the highest standards of transparency and governance .	sing_plur	11298
Some of these buildings were flipped again by the new buyer .	Some of these buildings were flipped again by the new buyers .	sing_plur	11299
This week the audition moved to Michigan for yet another debate .	This week the auditions moved to Michigan for yet another debate .	sing_plur	11300
Perez escaped trouble after loading the base with none out in the fifth .	Perez escaped trouble after loading the bases with none out in the fifth .	sing_plur	11301
We are going to talk about the issue .	We are going to talk about the issues .	sing_plur	11302
Soon the threat came for her .	Soon the threats came for her .	sing_plur	11304
Coren names 10 other dogs and the role they played in history .	Coren names 10 other dogs and the roles they played in history .	sing_plur	11305
Critics like Ross are alarmed by such a blurring of the line .	Critics like Ross are alarmed by such a blurring of the lines .	sing_plur	11309
The worst that can happen is that the state will keep jumping ahead .	The worst that can happen is that the states will keep jumping ahead .	sing_plur	11310
Many of the fire on Wednesday slowed , but remained erratic .	Many of the fires on Wednesday slowed , but remained erratic .	sing_plur	11311
The forward-looking statement should be considered in light of these risks and uncertainties .	The forward-looking statements should be considered in light of these risks and uncertainties .	sing_plur	11312
The book could not present more opposite views .	The books could not present more opposite views .	sing_plur	11315
The Red dropped to 12-21 in games started by Arroyo .	The Reds dropped to 12-21 in games started by Arroyo .	sing_plur	11316
Boston is second in the major with 13 shutouts .	Boston is second in the majors with 13 shutouts .	sing_plur	11318
DORNIN : But here , eyes were occasionally drawn to the heaven .	DORNIN : But here , eyes were occasionally drawn to the heavens .	sing_plur	11319
Sequels are in the work .	Sequels are in the works .	sing_plur	11320
An NPIA spokeswoman said good progress was being made on the recommendation .	An NPIA spokeswoman said good progress was being made on the recommendations .	sing_plur	11323
Police have refused to confirm the report .	Police have refused to confirm the reports .	sing_plur	11327
You have to stay on the edge of their world .	You have to stay on the edges of their world .	sing_plur	11328
In fact , they seem to harm the brush .	In fact , they seem to harm the brushes .	sing_plur	11329
Amnesty said Russia should not use illegal tactics against the rebel .	Amnesty said Russia should not use illegal tactics against the rebels .	sing_plur	11331
Experts confirmed the image showed one of the elusive cats .	Experts confirmed the images showed one of the elusive cats .	sing_plur	11333
Democracy has helped fan the flame of violence .	Democracy has helped fan the flames of violence .	sing_plur	11334
The Zooker got the Buckeye again .	The Zooker got the Buckeyes again .	sing_plur	11335
Spector denied it making the comment .	Spector denied it making the comments .	sing_plur	11337
It said it is working to rectify the glitch .	It said it is working to rectify the glitches .	sing_plur	11338
I can only imagine how it must be for the villager .	I can only imagine how it must be for the villagers .	sing_plur	11340
Emergency rule will sort out the problem with terrorism .	Emergency rule will sort out the problems with terrorism .	sing_plur	11341
The company assumes no obligations to update the statement contained in this release .	The company assumes no obligations to update the statements contained in this release .	sing_plur	11346
The plan will receive the support of Age Concern .	The plans will receive the support of Age Concern .	sing_plur	11347
We apologise for the error .	We apologise for the errors .	sing_plur	11348
Neither the local government nor the Pakistan army confirmed the abduction .	Neither the local government nor the Pakistan army confirmed the abductions .	sing_plur	11349
The image had been supplied without sound .	The images had been supplied without sound .	sing_plur	11350
Julian Peterson hit him low and Leroy Hill hit him across the shoulder .	Julian Peterson hit him low and Leroy Hill hit him across the shoulders .	sing_plur	11351
The fate of the monk remains unknown .	The fate of the monks remains unknown .	sing_plur	11352
MTV plans a third iteration that will highlight the strongest musical performance .	MTV plans a third iteration that will highlight the strongest musical performances .	sing_plur	11353
His voice is supple , strong and seamlessly produced throughout the register .	His voice is supple , strong and seamlessly produced throughout the registers .	sing_plur	11354
The electrode will show them where to operate .	The electrodes will show them where to operate .	sing_plur	11356
But the tape took center stage .	But the tapes took center stage .	sing_plur	11358
All other Democrats are in the single digit .	All other Democrats are in the single digits .	sing_plur	11359
The ad targeting smoking are not as tame .	The ads targeting smoking are not as tame .	sing_plur	11361
Braddy threw Candy onto the rock with a thud .	Braddy threw Candy onto the rocks with a thud .	sing_plur	11362
The employer did that .	The employers did that .	sing_plur	11363
The effort by Indian companies to learn Japanese ways may foster this .	The efforts by Indian companies to learn Japanese ways may foster this .	sing_plur	11364
The debate moderators also prodded the candidate on foreign policy toward Latin America .	The debate moderators also prodded the candidates on foreign policy toward Latin America .	sing_plur	11365
As is normal procedure the charge will be reviewed by the PPS .	As is normal procedure the charges will be reviewed by the PPS .	sing_plur	11366
Subsequently , large American department stores commissioned Quimper wares directly from the factory .	Subsequently , large American department stores commissioned Quimper wares directly from the factories .	sing_plur	11368
You can see the result in his performances .	You can see the results in his performances .	sing_plur	11373
He 'll look at the poll .	He 'll look at the polls .	sing_plur	11377
The two ponds reflect the personality of their gardeners .	The two ponds reflect the personalities of their gardeners .	sing_plur	11378
A mentoring program between seniors and freshmen is in the work .	A mentoring program between seniors and freshmen is in the works .	sing_plur	11379
Mr. Taussig was mortified , people briefed on the negotiation said .	Mr. Taussig was mortified , people briefed on the negotiations said .	sing_plur	11381
Nearly 3,000 people were killed in the attack .	Nearly 3,000 people were killed in the attacks .	sing_plur	11382
The cut will not end there .	The cuts will not end there .	sing_plur	11383
Fred Thompson 's support in the poll has slipped .	Fred Thompson 's support in the polls has slipped .	sing_plur	11386
The cost of keeping the dog , however , became prohibitive .	The cost of keeping the dogs , however , became prohibitive .	sing_plur	11387
I was under the impression I would met the criterion .	I was under the impression I would met the criteria .	sing_plur	11389
The rebel gave oil companies a one-week ultimatum to leave the region .	The rebels gave oil companies a one-week ultimatum to leave the region .	sing_plur	11390
Automakers do not overtly market to the sex .	Automakers do not overtly market to the sexes .	sing_plur	11391
But we have got to secure the border first .	But we have got to secure the borders first .	sing_plur	11392
The company has identified only 10 of the closure .	The company has identified only 10 of the closures .	sing_plur	11393
They 'll soak up the flavor without getting soggy .	They 'll soak up the flavors without getting soggy .	sing_plur	11394
The bomb killed 19 people and injured more than 180 .	The bombs killed 19 people and injured more than 180 .	sing_plur	11395
There was no immediate explanation for the different number .	There was no immediate explanation for the different numbers .	sing_plur	11396
Here is a selection of the response received .	Here is a selection of the responses received .	sing_plur	11397
But the conventional wisdom was that it upset the player .	But the conventional wisdom was that it upset the players .	sing_plur	11399
The impoverished strip relies almost entirely on Israel for the resource .	The impoverished strip relies almost entirely on Israel for the resources .	sing_plur	11400
You got through the airport gauntlet and you are home for the holiday .	You got through the airport gauntlet and you are home for the holidays .	sing_plur	11402
" Proliferation is a part of the talk , " he said .	" Proliferation is a part of the talks , " he said .	sing_plur	11404
Israel started implementing the cut on Sunday .	Israel started implementing the cuts on Sunday .	sing_plur	11405
He also fished the lake and streams of Eryri .	He also fished the lakes and streams of Eryri .	sing_plur	11406
Kirby joked about the poets ' status relative to the other nominee .	Kirby joked about the poets ' status relative to the other nominees .	sing_plur	11408
The pensioner will suffer .	The pensioners will suffer .	sing_plur	11409
Just tell that to the candidate .	Just tell that to the candidates .	sing_plur	11410
The author acknowledged the difficulty of comparisons .	The authors acknowledged the difficulty of comparisons .	sing_plur	11413
He is to be sentenced on the federal charge on December 10 .	He is to be sentenced on the federal charges on December 10 .	sing_plur	11415
The refusal came after a battle that left hundreds wounded or dead .	The refusals came after a battle that left hundreds wounded or dead .	sing_plur	11416
He is been reminded thousands of times over the year .	He is been reminded thousands of times over the years .	sing_plur	11418
The report said as many as 20 sailors were reported missing .	The reports said as many as 20 sailors were reported missing .	sing_plur	11419
Another showdown could pit the American against Peer in the semi-final .	Another showdown could pit the American against Peer in the semi-finals .	sing_plur	11421
This way , residents can focus on the proposal .	This way , residents can focus on the proposals .	sing_plur	11422
There is only one person who knows the answer to that .	There is only one person who knows the answers to that .	sing_plur	11423
But he will not blame the boomer entirely .	But he will not blame the boomers entirely .	sing_plur	11424
The child touched the launcher , the Israelis say .	The children touched the launcher , the Israelis say .	sing_plur	11430
But the reality is that nothing has yet replaced the old way .	But the reality is that nothing has yet replaced the old ways .	sing_plur	11432
He told the Arizona Republic Wednesday he is tired of the rumor .	He told the Arizona Republic Wednesday he is tired of the rumors .	sing_plur	11433
Children reduced the chance further .	Children reduced the chances further .	sing_plur	11434
They clean up the mistake .	They clean up the mistakes .	sing_plur	11436
The senator touched only lightly on more controversial questions .	The senators touched only lightly on more controversial questions .	sing_plur	11437
The company also cast the smaller role well .	The company also cast the smaller roles well .	sing_plur	11438
Authorities said the man will be charged at least with felony escape .	Authorities said the men will be charged at least with felony escape .	sing_plur	11439
" We were the only guy around , " Kalin recalls .	" We were the only guys around , " Kalin recalls .	sing_plur	11440
People have been giving me the business about the ticket .	People have been giving me the business about the tickets .	sing_plur	11442
It would be unaffected by the current talk .	It would be unaffected by the current talks .	sing_plur	11444
And she never really got out of the block .	And she never really got out of the blocks .	sing_plur	11445
The firm behind the effort , ID Quantique , is Swiss .	The firm behind the efforts , ID Quantique , is Swiss .	sing_plur	11446
One area that animal disease experts say they want clarified is the number .	One area that animal disease experts say they want clarified is the numbers .	sing_plur	11447
And he listed the reason why .	And he listed the reasons why .	sing_plur	11448
A subsequent search revealed the other body .	A subsequent search revealed the other bodies .	sing_plur	11449
They are going to be in the cage forever .	They are going to be in the cages forever .	sing_plur	11451
He worked with some of the biggest name in the film industry .	He worked with some of the biggest names in the film industry .	sing_plur	11453
But they , too , deny the accusation .	But they , too , deny the accusations .	sing_plur	11455
No details of the charge involved were immediately available .	No details of the charges involved were immediately available .	sing_plur	11457
The brother both got into trouble in January .	The brothers both got into trouble in January .	sing_plur	11458
The UAW chose GM as the lead company in the negotiation last week .	The UAW chose GM as the lead company in the negotiations last week .	sing_plur	11459
He noted that the Jet waived wide receiver David Clowney .	He noted that the Jets waived wide receiver David Clowney .	sing_plur	11464
We have the necessary ingredient .	We have the necessary ingredients .	sing_plur	11465
The first commercial device using giant magnetoresistance effect were produced in 1997 .	The first commercial devices using giant magnetoresistance effect were produced in 1997 .	sing_plur	11466
We love that the instructors greet the kid by name .	We love that the instructors greet the kids by name .	sing_plur	11467
The agent detained her as a fugitive .	The agents detained her as a fugitive .	sing_plur	11468
IAC wants the spinoff to be tax free .	IAC wants the spinoffs to be tax free .	sing_plur	11470
The new magistrate will earn more than  100,000 a year .	The new magistrates will earn more than  100,000 a year .	sing_plur	11472
They have also gotten more creative with the program .	They have also gotten more creative with the programs .	sing_plur	11474
Keep reading Lis on Law to find out the answer !	Keep reading Lis on Law to find out the answers !	sing_plur	11476
These make the headline .	These make the headlines .	sing_plur	11478
Mr. Rottler has not made any profit yet from the site .	Mr. Rottler has not made any profit yet from the sites .	sing_plur	11480
UBS AG and Citigroup Inc. are jointly running the offering .	UBS AG and Citigroup Inc. are jointly running the offerings .	sing_plur	11481
Writers were not the only one to feel the Michaels lash .	Writers were not the only ones to feel the Michaels lash .	sing_plur	11482
The chandelier sparkled .	The chandeliers sparkled .	sing_plur	11483
Their second date , predictably , was the movie .	Their second date , predictably , was the movies .	sing_plur	11484
Ms. Guthrie invited the Klezmatics to finish the song .	Ms. Guthrie invited the Klezmatics to finish the songs .	sing_plur	11485
Not the racial slur he heard on the ice .	Not the racial slurs he heard on the ice .	sing_plur	11487
Now we will be having the same fight as everybody else .	Now we will be having the same fights as everybody else .	sing_plur	11492
The share lost 48p to close at 1,152p .	The shares lost 48p to close at 1,152p .	sing_plur	11493
A number of curious tourists were nevertheless on hand to view the demonstration .	A number of curious tourists were nevertheless on hand to view the demonstrations .	sing_plur	11494
Some repeat customers even get on-stage high-fives from the actor .	Some repeat customers even get on-stage high-fives from the actors .	sing_plur	11495
And the fool knocked him back .	And the fools knocked him back .	sing_plur	11497
Maryland residents might be among the cross-border shopper .	Maryland residents might be among the cross-border shoppers .	sing_plur	11498
They now have 180 days to apply for the special visa .	They now have 180 days to apply for the special visas .	sing_plur	11499
The problem came to the forefront on the second-to-last play of the game .	The problems came to the forefront on the second-to-last play of the game .	sing_plur	11501
General Manager Jim Bowden declined to comment on the length of the contract .	General Manager Jim Bowden declined to comment on the length of the contracts .	sing_plur	11502
South Koreans pay for their broadband at the lowest rate in the world .	South Koreans pay for their broadband at the lowest rates in the world .	sing_plur	11503
But a few are in message-carrying stretches : the gene .	But a few are in message-carrying stretches : the genes .	sing_plur	11504
The name of the victims had not been released .	The names of the victims had not been released .	sing_plur	11505
The Federal Reserve again opened the tap of cheap credit .	The Federal Reserve again opened the taps of cheap credit .	sing_plur	11506
The Nicaraguan argued that this treaty infringed their territorial waters .	The Nicaraguans argued that this treaty infringed their territorial waters .	sing_plur	11507
In other earnings news , Chevron joined the company issuing profit warnings .	In other earnings news , Chevron joined the companies issuing profit warnings .	sing_plur	11508
They laid off some pitches and worked the count full .	They laid off some pitches and worked the counts full .	sing_plur	11509
We could have just been handed the key .	We could have just been handed the keys .	sing_plur	11511
He won 53 per cent of the vote .	He won 53 per cent of the votes .	sing_plur	11512
The argument over nuclear power will rage on into the darkening night .	The arguments over nuclear power will rage on into the darkening night .	sing_plur	11513
In the moment after the accident , Hamlin accepted the criticism .	In the moments after the accident , Hamlin accepted the criticism .	sing_plur	11514
That was when the Net grabbed control again .	That was when the Nets grabbed control again .	sing_plur	11515
The Giants loaded the base with no outs in the fourth .	The Giants loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth .	sing_plur	11516
We are excited about new opportunities including a movie deal in the work .	We are excited about new opportunities including a movie deal in the works .	sing_plur	11517
The status of the medal won by her relay teammates is uncertain .	The status of the medals won by her relay teammates is uncertain .	sing_plur	11518
I had read the novel .	I had read the novels .	sing_plur	11519
Republicans have almost twice the seat to defend .	Republicans have almost twice the seats to defend .	sing_plur	11520
The researcher identified a phage that preys on Staphylococcus aureus .	The researchers identified a phage that preys on Staphylococcus aureus .	sing_plur	11521
The Senator won for the sixth time in seven games .	The Senators won for the sixth time in seven games .	sing_plur	11522
Second , we need more training in how to perform the procedure .	Second , we need more training in how to perform the procedures .	sing_plur	11523
President Kuchma denies the allegation .	President Kuchma denies the allegations .	sing_plur	11524
Outside the city , it is a more encouraging picture .	Outside the cities , it is a more encouraging picture .	sing_plur	11526
At one point , the Cavalier led 39-27 .	At one point , the Cavaliers led 39-27 .	sing_plur	11527
History is also against the Bill .	History is also against the Bills .	sing_plur	11528
Tolls are included in the price of the trip .	Tolls are included in the price of the trips .	sing_plur	11529
I was holding back the tear .	I was holding back the tears .	sing_plur	11532
Fighting a gusty blaze also puts the firefighter in harm 's way .	Fighting a gusty blaze also puts the firefighters in harm 's way .	sing_plur	11533
Neither player nor Major League Baseball has denied the report .	Neither player nor Major League Baseball has denied the reports .	sing_plur	11534
Strangely enough , Brit Brit also wanted granny Lynne to supervise the sleepover .	Strangely enough , Brit Brit also wanted granny Lynne to supervise the sleepovers .	sing_plur	11536
And , they say , the goal might be too ambitious .	And , they say , the goals might be too ambitious .	sing_plur	11537
However , she wore no revealing costumes , in line with the guideline .	However , she wore no revealing costumes , in line with the guidelines .	sing_plur	11538
Pakistan 's army spokesman said he could not immediately confirm the release .	Pakistan 's army spokesman said he could not immediately confirm the releases .	sing_plur	11541
The commitment for a coach internationally is a hell of a lot .	The commitments for a coach internationally is a hell of a lot .	sing_plur	11542
Work on regional migration revealed the deep influence of the housing market .	Work on regional migration revealed the deep influences of the housing market .	sing_plur	11543
The case at Iona began last month .	The cases at Iona began last month .	sing_plur	11545
The difference between the plan is significant .	The difference between the plans is significant .	sing_plur	11547
Similar measures for Christmas are still in the work .	Similar measures for Christmas are still in the works .	sing_plur	11551
It was assumed the subsidy would dwindle and eventually disappear .	It was assumed the subsidies would dwindle and eventually disappear .	sing_plur	11552
Now , he draws them by the dozen .	Now , he draws them by the dozens .	sing_plur	11553
The home evacuated were in Muirton Road in Splott .	The homes evacuated were in Muirton Road in Splott .	sing_plur	11554
The Taliban fled for the hill .	The Taliban fled for the hills .	sing_plur	11557
Formal nominations for the election will be held on 20 November .	Formal nominations for the elections will be held on 20 November .	sing_plur	11558
They love the child to death .	They love the children to death .	sing_plur	11559
The player cannot talk about it .	The players cannot talk about it .	sing_plur	11561
The wall had to be washed .	The walls had to be washed .	sing_plur	11562
Many are friends and colleagues with whom I have worked over the year .	Many are friends and colleagues with whom I have worked over the years .	sing_plur	11566
Habib bank has always rejected the allegation .	Habib bank has always rejected the allegations .	sing_plur	11568
Some of the homeowner cursed at the officers .	Some of the homeowners cursed at the officers .	sing_plur	11571
, that has done work on the document .	, that has done work on the documents .	sing_plur	11572
All other issues are in the single digit .	All other issues are in the single digits .	sing_plur	11573
Today fully 75 % say they support ending the special regime .	Today fully 75 % say they support ending the special regimes .	sing_plur	11574
The move marks an escalation of hardball tactics by the studio .	The move marks an escalation of hardball tactics by the studios .	sing_plur	11575
" " As usual , the devil is in the detail .	" " As usual , the devil is in the details .	sing_plur	11577
It is in the court now .	It is in the courts now .	sing_plur	11580
Scotland Yard would not comment on the allegation .	Scotland Yard would not comment on the allegations .	sing_plur	11581
The PSNI are holding four men and a woman over the killing .	The PSNI are holding four men and a woman over the killings .	sing_plur	11582
And the chair would have certainly been more comfortable .	And the chairs would have certainly been more comfortable .	sing_plur	11583
It saturates the movie and is splattered across celebrity magazines .	It saturates the movies and is splattered across celebrity magazines .	sing_plur	11584
You can see them on the beach .	You can see them on the beaches .	sing_plur	11585
Azinger 's greatest hope is he gets the hottest player .	Azinger 's greatest hope is he gets the hottest players .	sing_plur	11586
The bank shaved 37 points off the index .	The banks shaved 37 points off the index .	sing_plur	11587
There is no danger to the folk involved .	There is no danger to the folks involved .	sing_plur	11588
The police are still trying to connect the dot .	The police are still trying to connect the dots .	sing_plur	11589
One more loss and Greece surely would not move on to the quarterfinal .	One more loss and Greece surely would not move on to the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	11590
" Let 's go out and see the dog , " he said .	" Let 's go out and see the dogs , " he said .	sing_plur	11591
The financial benefit of fashion frugality attracts attention from my female friends .	The financial benefits of fashion frugality attracts attention from my female friends .	sing_plur	11594
Mr. Jabara is not terribly familiar with the nuance either .	Mr. Jabara is not terribly familiar with the nuances either .	sing_plur	11596
It is the lay of the land that dictates the tour .	It is the lay of the land that dictates the tours .	sing_plur	11598
The top Democratic contender attended a similar event in June at Howard University .	The top Democratic contenders attended a similar event in June at Howard University .	sing_plur	11599
The production boom is not confined to the suburb .	The production boom is not confined to the suburbs .	sing_plur	11600
Approval required a vote of two-thirds of the outstanding share .	Approval required a vote of two-thirds of the outstanding shares .	sing_plur	11601
She declined to comment on the local report .	She declined to comment on the local reports .	sing_plur	11602
I sat by her body on the stair .	I sat by her body on the stairs .	sing_plur	11603
And it is not just the guy .	And it is not just the guys .	sing_plur	11604
Parks are crowded with strollers , and kids play soccer on the street .	Parks are crowded with strollers , and kids play soccer on the streets .	sing_plur	11605
Police are investigating his claim about the additional murder .	Police are investigating his claim about the additional murders .	sing_plur	11608
Take a hard look at the sum before taking the plunge .	Take a hard look at the sums before taking the plunge .	sing_plur	11613
The awards feature some of the biggest name in popular music .	The awards feature some of the biggest names in popular music .	sing_plur	11614
Home Depot pulled the product off the shelf in March of this year .	Home Depot pulled the product off the shelves in March of this year .	sing_plur	11615
The Health Department collected the carcass to be tested .	The Health Department collected the carcasses to be tested .	sing_plur	11616
16. elections that Karamanlis had called before the fire broke out .	16. elections that Karamanlis had called before the fires broke out .	sing_plur	11619
Jimenez gets in trouble because of the walk again .	Jimenez gets in trouble because of the walks again .	sing_plur	11621
The risk of what is called ultradeep mining are high .	The risks of what is called ultradeep mining are high .	sing_plur	11622
The parent accused the school system of poor record-keeping .	The parents accused the school system of poor record-keeping .	sing_plur	11623
It remains to be seen whether the election will proceed on schedule .	It remains to be seen whether the elections will proceed on schedule .	sing_plur	11625
24 , the day the fire raged unchecked .	24 , the day the fires raged unchecked .	sing_plur	11626
Unfortunately , I did not have time to remove the spot .	Unfortunately , I did not have time to remove the spots .	sing_plur	11628
The commission accelerated its work after the shooting .	The commission accelerated its work after the shootings .	sing_plur	11630
The injury came more frequently as Harrison , now 34 , got older .	The injuries came more frequently as Harrison , now 34 , got older .	sing_plur	11631
The top four seeds will not play until the quarterfinal .	The top four seeds will not play until the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	11634
There are no locks on the locker .	There are no locks on the lockers .	sing_plur	11636
But the Net rallied in the second half .	But the Nets rallied in the second half .	sing_plur	11637
" " It is good for the fan .	" " It is good for the fans .	sing_plur	11638
More than half of the student received free or reduced-cost lunches .	More than half of the students received free or reduced-cost lunches .	sing_plur	11639
Both campaigns indicated they had requested the information from the donor .	Both campaigns indicated they had requested the information from the donors .	sing_plur	11641
The Jets surprised the Steeler early .	The Jets surprised the Steelers early .	sing_plur	11643
But the result fell short of Wall Street expectations .	But the results fell short of Wall Street expectations .	sing_plur	11644
We are trying to ascertain the fact .	We are trying to ascertain the facts .	sing_plur	11645
This , in turn , boosts oxytocin , at least in the rat .	This , in turn , boosts oxytocin , at least in the rats .	sing_plur	11646
Clinton 's refusal to apologize became an issue among the Democratic candidate .	Clinton 's refusal to apologize became an issue among the Democratic candidates .	sing_plur	11647
" The scorpion almost bit the examiner , " he added .	" The scorpions almost bit the examiner , " he added .	sing_plur	11648
That limits the possible contender for his service .	That limits the possible contenders for his service .	sing_plur	11649
The table will be published next March .	The tables will be published next March .	sing_plur	11650
The book came with the drugs on the same trucks .	The books came with the drugs on the same trucks .	sing_plur	11651
The Chinese Foreign Ministry declined to comment on the report .	The Chinese Foreign Ministry declined to comment on the reports .	sing_plur	11653
But look among the footnote .	But look among the footnotes .	sing_plur	11654
The cut , though expected , are deeper than industry analysts anticipated .	The cuts , though expected , are deeper than industry analysts anticipated .	sing_plur	11656
Rudy Giuliani has also denied being responsible for the call .	Rudy Giuliani has also denied being responsible for the calls .	sing_plur	11657
The share had fallen 27 cents to $ 25.48 in the regular session .	The shares had fallen 27 cents to $ 25.48 in the regular session .	sing_plur	11658
He wrote in the interest of setting the record straight .	He wrote in the interests of setting the record straight .	sing_plur	11659
The change included the easing out of Vice President Zeng Qinghong .	The changes included the easing out of Vice President Zeng Qinghong .	sing_plur	11664
The art on the wall has that same feel .	The art on the walls has that same feel .	sing_plur	11665
Unconfirmed reports suggest kebab shop patrons are dancing in the street already .	Unconfirmed reports suggest kebab shop patrons are dancing in the streets already .	sing_plur	11668
The design will be displayed at Nottingham Council House foyer for six days .	The designs will be displayed at Nottingham Council House foyer for six days .	sing_plur	11670
The new rebel hanged Afghani leader Najibullah and his brother .	The new rebels hanged Afghani leader Najibullah and his brother .	sing_plur	11672
Fire crews have been gradually bringing many of the blaze under control .	Fire crews have been gradually bringing many of the blazes under control .	sing_plur	11673
The Falcon 's doors , when opened a crack , touch the wall .	The Falcon 's doors , when opened a crack , touch the walls .	sing_plur	11674
Every day they witnessed heads or headless bodies lying in the street .	Every day they witnessed heads or headless bodies lying in the streets .	sing_plur	11675
The match will be played at Memorial Coliseum .	The matches will be played at Memorial Coliseum .	sing_plur	11676
ABC News has not reached Singer for comment on the charge .	ABC News has not reached Singer for comment on the charges .	sing_plur	11677
Bouteflika was immediately informed and visited the victim in hospital .	Bouteflika was immediately informed and visited the victims in hospital .	sing_plur	11678
Iraq 's president claimed the guerrilla would announce a cease-fire .	Iraq 's president claimed the guerrillas would announce a cease-fire .	sing_plur	11679
On November 1st the ship sailed home .	On November 1st the ships sailed home .	sing_plur	11681
, told the official .	, told the officials .	sing_plur	11682
I am dreading the holiday .	I am dreading the holidays .	sing_plur	11684
Eastern Time to discuss the result with the investment community .	Eastern Time to discuss the results with the investment community .	sing_plur	11686
The airline must require every passenger to have a seat .	The airlines must require every passenger to have a seat .	sing_plur	11689
The Chinese are probably more to do with the drug .	The Chinese are probably more to do with the drugs .	sing_plur	11690
The report could not be independently confirmed by AP .	The reports could not be independently confirmed by AP .	sing_plur	11691
Burning the flag got him in some trouble for doing that .	Burning the flags got him in some trouble for doing that .	sing_plur	11692
The concern for having your car repossessed are obvious .	The concerns for having your car repossessed are obvious .	sing_plur	11694
There are two threads that seem to have galvanized the student .	There are two threads that seem to have galvanized the students .	sing_plur	11695
Euronews.net reports security forces were on high alert following the arrest .	Euronews.net reports security forces were on high alert following the arrests .	sing_plur	11696
But the result could be ghastly .	But the results could be ghastly .	sing_plur	11697
A source told the Sun a rifle was involved in the slaying .	A source told the Sun a rifle was involved in the slayings .	sing_plur	11699
Firefighters with breathing apparatus were also beaten back by the flame .	Firefighters with breathing apparatus were also beaten back by the flames .	sing_plur	11700
It probably kept me from being flipped over in the wave .	It probably kept me from being flipped over in the waves .	sing_plur	11701
After all , they claimed to be the expert .	After all , they claimed to be the experts .	sing_plur	11702
The actor even wrote to thank him for his support .	The actors even wrote to thank him for his support .	sing_plur	11707
Her beloved Valentino balked at the stair .	Her beloved Valentino balked at the stairs .	sing_plur	11708
A nationwide search is under way for the killer .	A nationwide search is under way for the killers .	sing_plur	11709
The pig will be shot and buried .	The pigs will be shot and buried .	sing_plur	11710
The shop will not shut once you 've given birth .	The shops will not shut once you 've given birth .	sing_plur	11712
The man left satisfied .	The men left satisfied .	sing_plur	11713
The woman denied entry were from the Ukraine , Belarus and Kazakhstan .	The women denied entry were from the Ukraine , Belarus and Kazakhstan .	sing_plur	11714
Some insiders believe the murder could be linked to murky business deals .	Some insiders believe the murders could be linked to murky business deals .	sing_plur	11715
Most of the United States team hits the slope .	Most of the United States team hits the slopes .	sing_plur	11717
Heathrow is bursting at the seam .	Heathrow is bursting at the seams .	sing_plur	11718
Whereas I just get boisterous in the evening .	Whereas I just get boisterous in the evenings .	sing_plur	11720
The victim dialed " Inside Edition " before calling 911 .	The victims dialed " Inside Edition " before calling 911 .	sing_plur	11721
Hall-of-Famer John Mackey held the previous record of 55 receptions and nine TDs .	Hall-of-Famer John Mackey held the previous records of 55 receptions and nine TDs .	sing_plur	11723
She has turned three of them into pets over the year .	She has turned three of them into pets over the years .	sing_plur	11724
The ad direct listeners to visit www.StopDennisTheMenace.com to take action .	The ads direct listeners to visit www.StopDennisTheMenace.com to take action .	sing_plur	11726
The road had been cleared of fallen logs .	The roads had been cleared of fallen logs .	sing_plur	11727
Digital Realty Trust will be responsible for the day-to-day operation of the property .	Digital Realty Trust will be responsible for the day-to-day operations of the property .	sing_plur	11729
Her husband and the Wilson Center deny the allegation .	Her husband and the Wilson Center deny the allegations .	sing_plur	11733
The photo will be familiar to some people .	The photos will be familiar to some people .	sing_plur	11735
The finding will be released when it is completed .	The findings will be released when it is completed .	sing_plur	11736
Laura Vasiliu and Anamaria Marinca are marvellous as the student .	Laura Vasiliu and Anamaria Marinca are marvellous as the students .	sing_plur	11737
I believe the memorial should continue for the next generation .	I believe the memorials should continue for the next generation .	sing_plur	11738
The boy threw a hail of sticks and stones at Norton .	The boys threw a hail of sticks and stones at Norton .	sing_plur	11739
Two youths lit a rocket and fired it at the crew .	Two youths lit a rocket and fired it at the crews .	sing_plur	11740
The photographer scurried over like a pack of panicked beetles .	The photographers scurried over like a pack of panicked beetles .	sing_plur	11742
And overachieving seems to run in the gene .	And overachieving seems to run in the genes .	sing_plur	11744
So far local authorities have managed to contain the strike .	So far local authorities have managed to contain the strikes .	sing_plur	11745
Search crews were still trying to locate the missing miner .	Search crews were still trying to locate the missing miners .	sing_plur	11746
The project is expected to be pitched to the network shortly .	The project is expected to be pitched to the networks shortly .	sing_plur	11748
The enclave illustrates the limit of the security plan .	The enclave illustrates the limits of the security plan .	sing_plur	11749
You 've seen the picture .	You 've seen the pictures .	sing_plur	11750
She heard them say the defendant laughed it all off .	She heard them say the defendants laughed it all off .	sing_plur	11751
Material desires place humans against the reality of the world .	Material desires place humans against the realities of the world .	sing_plur	11752
" I could not recognize them , " Lopez said of the child .	" I could not recognize them , " Lopez said of the children .	sing_plur	11753
They would even appear in court alongside the family .	They would even appear in court alongside the families .	sing_plur	11756
The researcher also asked players what their greatest frustrations were .	The researchers also asked players what their greatest frustrations were .	sing_plur	11757
The writer packed into the gallery laughed and laughed .	The writers packed into the gallery laughed and laughed .	sing_plur	11758
Of the woman who had an operation , eight died after one year .	Of the women who had an operation , eight died after one year .	sing_plur	11759
The lacrosse and soccer teams have already benefited from the new facility .	The lacrosse and soccer teams have already benefited from the new facilities .	sing_plur	11760
Officials at the IAEA said they would have no comment on the claim .	Officials at the IAEA said they would have no comment on the claims .	sing_plur	11764
Most of the layoff will come from its investment banking unit .	Most of the layoffs will come from its investment banking unit .	sing_plur	11765
Yet the manual remained silent on what caused the symptom .	Yet the manual remained silent on what caused the symptoms .	sing_plur	11766
By answering first , he took on the headwind .	By answering first , he took on the headwinds .	sing_plur	11770
But luckily for her , that part sailed by the official .	But luckily for her , that part sailed by the officials .	sing_plur	11771
The other nodded .	The others nodded .	sing_plur	11772
Forget the bar scene or the personal ad .	Forget the bar scene or the personal ads .	sing_plur	11773
The widening intimidation by the militant takes many forms .	The widening intimidation by the militants takes many forms .	sing_plur	11774
Nor are retailers the only one dangling the carrot .	Nor are retailers the only ones dangling the carrot .	sing_plur	11775
Rodis had concealed his family by living about 50 miles from the church .	Rodis had concealed his family by living about 50 miles from the churches .	sing_plur	11776
Much remains unknown about the internal working of al-Qaeda Central .	Much remains unknown about the internal workings of al-Qaeda Central .	sing_plur	11777
The closeness of the animal had calmed most of his anxiety .	The closeness of the animals had calmed most of his anxiety .	sing_plur	11778
" We are very pleased , " Jobs said of the result .	" We are very pleased , " Jobs said of the results .	sing_plur	11779
It is almost unparalleled in the life of the saints .	It is almost unparalleled in the lives of the saints .	sing_plur	11780
He also made light of the protester in the state capital .	He also made light of the protesters in the state capital .	sing_plur	11781
Some are the problem of success .	Some are the problems of success .	sing_plur	11782
Wicked imperialists like to pick the best spot for themselves .	Wicked imperialists like to pick the best spots for themselves .	sing_plur	11783
Some board members questioned whether the new effort would matter .	Some board members questioned whether the new efforts would matter .	sing_plur	11784
The guest list is also still in the work .	The guest list is also still in the works .	sing_plur	11785
Go through the fire like the man .	Go through the fire like the men .	sing_plur	11787
The poll found the state mirroring national opinion on the presidential primary .	The poll found the state mirroring national opinion on the presidential primaries .	sing_plur	11788
Arthur had 10 rebounds while Jackson had eight for the Jayhawk .	Arthur had 10 rebounds while Jackson had eight for the Jayhawks .	sing_plur	11789
Three of the man in the car died .	Three of the men in the car died .	sing_plur	11790
Ms Parton was born among the poorest white in America .	Ms Parton was born among the poorest whites in America .	sing_plur	11793
There will be plenty of street food for the crowd .	There will be plenty of street food for the crowds .	sing_plur	11794
They have really turned the screw .	They have really turned the screws .	sing_plur	11797
A logistical glitch added to the woe .	A logistical glitch added to the woes .	sing_plur	11799
The kidnapper later executed two of the South Koreans .	The kidnappers later executed two of the South Koreans .	sing_plur	11800
The toddler gathered round , ready to dive right in .	The toddlers gathered round , ready to dive right in .	sing_plur	11802
But he struck out the next two Cuban players to strand the runner .	But he struck out the next two Cuban players to strand the runners .	sing_plur	11803
Forget the myth .	Forget the myths .	sing_plur	11804
Some of those arrested were beaten , the source said .	Some of those arrested were beaten , the sources said .	sing_plur	11805
A few European banks have adopted the rule .	A few European banks have adopted the rules .	sing_plur	11806
It was his 24th year in the major .	It was his 24th year in the majors .	sing_plur	11807
The share rose 21p to 653p .	The shares rose 21p to 653p .	sing_plur	11808
Rice was a competitive ice skater between the age of 12 and 17 .	Rice was a competitive ice skater between the ages of 12 and 17 .	sing_plur	11809
They made a decision to simply ignore the result .	They made a decision to simply ignore the results .	sing_plur	11810
The national debt is the accumulation of the annual deficit .	The national debt is the accumulation of the annual deficits .	sing_plur	11811
The officer backed up and ordered him to stop , police said .	The officers backed up and ordered him to stop , police said .	sing_plur	11812
The latest figure indicated there were only 114,000 registered .	The latest figures indicated there were only 114,000 registered .	sing_plur	11814
I have more faith in microstudies than the more sweeping one .	I have more faith in microstudies than the more sweeping ones .	sing_plur	11815
His intervention comes as family campaigners stepped up opposition to the plan .	His intervention comes as family campaigners stepped up opposition to the plans .	sing_plur	11816
The account should also be protected from creditors in bankruptcy .	The accounts should also be protected from creditors in bankruptcy .	sing_plur	11817
The shed would go up and stay up .	The sheds would go up and stay up .	sing_plur	11820
I plan on doing a lot of the positive thing .	I plan on doing a lot of the positive things .	sing_plur	11821
The Restroom will be closed Christmas day .	The Restrooms will be closed Christmas day .	sing_plur	11822
The Pakistan government knows its citizens have been getting around the ban .	The Pakistan government knows its citizens have been getting around the bans .	sing_plur	11824
We were not marketing to the masse .	We were not marketing to the masses .	sing_plur	11825
It was Presiding Officer Alex Fergusson who read out the wrong team .	It was Presiding Officer Alex Fergusson who read out the wrong teams .	sing_plur	11830
In time , he learned to focus on the positive .	In time , he learned to focus on the positives .	sing_plur	11831
Across Iraq , violence claimed the life of at least 44 people .	Across Iraq , violence claimed the lives of at least 44 people .	sing_plur	11832
The iPhone is changing the dynamic with the carriers .	The iPhone is changing the dynamics with the carriers .	sing_plur	11833
At least 10 people were killed and scores injured by the quake .	At least 10 people were killed and scores injured by the quakes .	sing_plur	11837
The desperate network had found a way out .	The desperate networks had found a way out .	sing_plur	11838
Serra and the other artist thought so , too .	Serra and the other artists thought so , too .	sing_plur	11840
But the child never arrived in France .	But the children never arrived in France .	sing_plur	11841
That is especially true when it comes to the holiday .	That is especially true when it comes to the holidays .	sing_plur	11842
The school in turn would receive a cash boost .	The schools in turn would receive a cash boost .	sing_plur	11843
The jury returned a not-guilty verdict on the more serious charge .	The jury returned a not-guilty verdict on the more serious charges .	sing_plur	11844
Jefferson 's attorneys are also moving to dismiss the charge .	Jefferson 's attorneys are also moving to dismiss the charges .	sing_plur	11845
That title now goes to the citizen of the Netherlands .	That title now goes to the citizens of the Netherlands .	sing_plur	11847
Some of the other coach noticed this and were perplexed .	Some of the other coaches noticed this and were perplexed .	sing_plur	11848
Imshawer said at least 145 people were injured in the clash .	Imshawer said at least 145 people were injured in the clashes .	sing_plur	11850
Now , he accepts the consequence .	Now , he accepts the consequences .	sing_plur	11851
Dick stood at the control of the boat .	Dick stood at the controls of the boat .	sing_plur	11852
Both songs are climbing the chart steadily .	Both songs are climbing the charts steadily .	sing_plur	11853
" " Some of the snake had scorpions in their mouths .	" " Some of the snakes had scorpions in their mouths .	sing_plur	11854
They also had the third-most strikeout .	They also had the third-most strikeouts .	sing_plur	11857
Those are the word out of your mouth .	Those are the words out of your mouth .	sing_plur	11858
The attack also left five people hurt .	The attacks also left five people hurt .	sing_plur	11859
Despite the mixed result , Time magazine sounded uplifted .	Despite the mixed results , Time magazine sounded uplifted .	sing_plur	11860
Crowds pushed their way through the line of traffic .	Crowds pushed their way through the lines of traffic .	sing_plur	11861
Some things could have been done differently during the early week .	Some things could have been done differently during the early weeks .	sing_plur	11862
It remains unclear whether the recording will be shown to a jury .	It remains unclear whether the recordings will be shown to a jury .	sing_plur	11863
The whole town seems to be on the street .	The whole town seems to be on the streets .	sing_plur	11864
The future for the mechanic is uncertain .	The future for the mechanics is uncertain .	sing_plur	11866
The first worry to surface yesterday were inevitably about jobs .	The first worries to surface yesterday were inevitably about jobs .	sing_plur	11867
The new sponsor will be joined by a new car number .	The new sponsors will be joined by a new car number .	sing_plur	11868
The robot increasingly will advise you .	The robots increasingly will advise you .	sing_plur	11870
The police and National Court declined to confirm the identity of those arrested .	The police and National Court declined to confirm the identities of those arrested .	sing_plur	11872
International observers declare the election free and fair .	International observers declare the elections free and fair .	sing_plur	11873
They are regularly accused by Tbilisi of siding with the separatist .	They are regularly accused by Tbilisi of siding with the separatists .	sing_plur	11875
Let 's begin with the boy .	Let 's begin with the boys .	sing_plur	11876
The drug included cannabis resin , ecstasy pills , diamorphine and heroin .	The drugs included cannabis resin , ecstasy pills , diamorphine and heroin .	sing_plur	11878
This means reducing the social tension created by rapid economic change .	This means reducing the social tensions created by rapid economic change .	sing_plur	11881
The error continued .	The errors continued .	sing_plur	11882
President Saakashvili has denied the allegation vigorously .	President Saakashvili has denied the allegations vigorously .	sing_plur	11883
For the kid who otherwise cannot afford it .	For the kids who otherwise cannot afford it .	sing_plur	11884
These are the real people of Pakistan , not the extremist .	These are the real people of Pakistan , not the extremists .	sing_plur	11885
Ms. Montas said Sri Lanka had pledged to prosecute the soldier .	Ms. Montas said Sri Lanka had pledged to prosecute the soldiers .	sing_plur	11887
Judith Czelusniak , a spokeswoman for Bloomberg , denied the accusation .	Judith Czelusniak , a spokeswoman for Bloomberg , denied the accusations .	sing_plur	11888
The passage also echoes the circumstance of Middleton 's childhood .	The passage also echoes the circumstances of Middleton 's childhood .	sing_plur	11890
The court ordered the hanging to occur within 30 days .	The court ordered the hangings to occur within 30 days .	sing_plur	11891
So someone must be stealing the profit .	So someone must be stealing the profits .	sing_plur	11892
WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Forget the pleasantry .	WASHINGTON ( AP ) -- Forget the pleasantries .	sing_plur	11893
Bond wrote 11 books charting the adventure of Paddington between 1958 and 1979 .	Bond wrote 11 books charting the adventures of Paddington between 1958 and 1979 .	sing_plur	11895
" Think about developing the sense , " she said .	" Think about developing the senses , " she said .	sing_plur	11896
Astrium will supply some of the satellite sub-system .	Astrium will supply some of the satellite sub-systems .	sing_plur	11897
The result is that the chance of any peace deal may diminish .	The result is that the chances of any peace deal may diminish .	sing_plur	11898
Record-label employees are online full time , shilling among the comment .	Record-label employees are online full time , shilling among the comments .	sing_plur	11901
The share rose 20p to 977.5p , a gain of 2.1 per cent .	The shares rose 20p to 977.5p , a gain of 2.1 per cent .	sing_plur	11902
LET 'S take a minute to pat ourselves on the back .	LET 'S take a minute to pat ourselves on the backs .	sing_plur	11903
Back then , the union ran the sorting office .	Back then , the unions ran the sorting office .	sing_plur	11904
Craig acknowledges the man 's feet bumped but says nothing improper happened .	Craig acknowledges the men 's feet bumped but says nothing improper happened .	sing_plur	11906
Henin then crumbled to Marion Bartoli in the semifinal of Wimbledon .	Henin then crumbled to Marion Bartoli in the semifinals of Wimbledon .	sing_plur	11909
Authorities issued a hurricane watch for the Dutch Caribbean island .	Authorities issued a hurricane watch for the Dutch Caribbean islands .	sing_plur	11910
But any public dissent is dealt with harshly by the authority .	But any public dissent is dealt with harshly by the authorities .	sing_plur	11913
The Millennial , it seems , would scoff at such nonsense .	The Millennials , it seems , would scoff at such nonsense .	sing_plur	11914
After an exchange of punts , the Hokie struck again .	After an exchange of punts , the Hokies struck again .	sing_plur	11918
Individual citizens have a losing battle trying to right the wrong .	Individual citizens have a losing battle trying to right the wrongs .	sing_plur	11919
He retired from the force in 1966 .	He retired from the forces in 1966 .	sing_plur	11920
WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The star may be aligning for John McCain .	WASHINGTON ( AP ) - The stars may be aligning for John McCain .	sing_plur	11921
Philadelphia had a 55-36 advantage on the board .	Philadelphia had a 55-36 advantage on the boards .	sing_plur	11922
Even in the larger village , the children lacked shoes .	Even in the larger villages , the children lacked shoes .	sing_plur	11923
The white kid claimed it for themselves .	The white kids claimed it for themselves .	sing_plur	11924
The signal from the largest tends to overwhelm the other .	The signal from the largest tends to overwhelm the others .	sing_plur	11927
But his feet caught the heel of Sellers .	But his feet caught the heels of Sellers .	sing_plur	11929
A few ounces of vulnerability would warm up the proceeding .	A few ounces of vulnerability would warm up the proceedings .	sing_plur	11931
The major credit-card companies take great issue with the criticism .	The major credit-card companies take great issue with the criticisms .	sing_plur	11932
The farm involved have not been named .	The farms involved have not been named .	sing_plur	11933
But the rebel failed to maintain their unity of purpose .	But the rebels failed to maintain their unity of purpose .	sing_plur	11934
North Carolina put together a 24-2 run that spanned the half .	North Carolina put together a 24-2 run that spanned the halves .	sing_plur	11936
Here you 'll find the painted monastery .	Here you 'll find the painted monasteries .	sing_plur	11937
We just have to cut down on the mental mistake .	We just have to cut down on the mental mistakes .	sing_plur	11940
The political parties were discredited and the militant grew in strength .	The political parties were discredited and the militants grew in strength .	sing_plur	11941
Lines often snaked confusingly into the common area of the airport .	Lines often snaked confusingly into the common areas of the airport .	sing_plur	11942
Proximity to power dulls the wit .	Proximity to power dulls the wits .	sing_plur	11944
I actually literally could see through the window .	I actually literally could see through the windows .	sing_plur	11945
He held South to one overtrick when the diamond came in .	He held South to one overtrick when the diamonds came in .	sing_plur	11949
The crowd chanted his name as the final second ticked off .	The crowd chanted his name as the final seconds ticked off .	sing_plur	11951
Here are the official policy of some U.S. carriers .	Here are the official policies of some U.S. carriers .	sing_plur	11953
Then about 200 were hauled off onto the truck and driven away .	Then about 200 were hauled off onto the trucks and driven away .	sing_plur	11955
The flames and smoke conjure the fire of yesteryear .	The flames and smoke conjure the fires of yesteryear .	sing_plur	11956
He said the quota would be eliminated next year .	He said the quotas would be eliminated next year .	sing_plur	11957
Reconstruction of the devastated area is expected to take many years .	Reconstruction of the devastated areas is expected to take many years .	sing_plur	11958
That question has become a sore point for some of the new arrival .	That question has become a sore point for some of the new arrivals .	sing_plur	11959
Diesels are aiming to be the new hybrid .	Diesels are aiming to be the new hybrids .	sing_plur	11960
Ordonez leads the major in hitting at .359 .	Ordonez leads the majors in hitting at .359 .	sing_plur	11961
Then the parent stayed .	Then the parents stayed .	sing_plur	11963
The moderate of both countries must work together .	The moderates of both countries must work together .	sing_plur	11964
Only 48 % of registered voters went to the poll .	Only 48 % of registered voters went to the polls .	sing_plur	11965
He said some of the reactor could top $ 12 billion .	He said some of the reactors could top $ 12 billion .	sing_plur	11966
We are returning to the dark day of martial law .	We are returning to the dark days of martial law .	sing_plur	11967
" " This is plain and simply hiding the fact .	" " This is plain and simply hiding the facts .	sing_plur	11968
Forensic scientists are examining the weapon .	Forensic scientists are examining the weapons .	sing_plur	11971
It would be fair to say they were the perfect neighbour .	It would be fair to say they were the perfect neighbours .	sing_plur	11972
To do this we need to understand the physics of the explosion .	To do this we need to understand the physics of the explosions .	sing_plur	11974
This does not take into account the case in SE Asia .	This does not take into account the cases in SE Asia .	sing_plur	11975
" " One time there were even bullet holes in the hard drive .	" " One time there were even bullet holes in the hard drives .	sing_plur	11978
It is not known what the survey uncovered .	It is not known what the surveys uncovered .	sing_plur	11979
The government gazette said the constitutional change came into effect on Tuesday .	The government gazette said the constitutional changes came into effect on Tuesday .	sing_plur	11980
Churov said the invitation would be sent Tuesday .	Churov said the invitations would be sent Tuesday .	sing_plur	11981
The judge agreed to adjourn the proceeding until Thursday .	The judge agreed to adjourn the proceedings until Thursday .	sing_plur	11984
History and government scholars analyzed the result .	History and government scholars analyzed the results .	sing_plur	11985
The rebel killed 12 Turkish soldiers in an ambush on Sunday .	The rebels killed 12 Turkish soldiers in an ambush on Sunday .	sing_plur	11986
Or it could mean nothing , with due process occurring behind the scene .	Or it could mean nothing , with due process occurring behind the scenes .	sing_plur	11987
The Iraqi government said a Dubai-based security firm was behind the shooting .	The Iraqi government said a Dubai-based security firm was behind the shootings .	sing_plur	11990
Slim-cut enough to flatter and cleverly skim the hip .	Slim-cut enough to flatter and cleverly skim the hips .	sing_plur	11992
Then came the weight and the endurance training -- lots of running .	Then came the weights and the endurance training -- lots of running .	sing_plur	11993
Food output has been hit by the death from Aids of farmers .	Food output has been hit by the deaths from Aids of farmers .	sing_plur	11994
The presentation will be made tonight at the group 's annual membership meeting .	The presentations will be made tonight at the group 's annual membership meeting .	sing_plur	11995
In the month since , the theme of football-as-healing-agent largely has disappeared .	In the months since , the theme of football-as-healing-agent largely has disappeared .	sing_plur	11996
Domenech played down the expectation over Benzema .	Domenech played down the expectations over Benzema .	sing_plur	11998
Even optimists acknowledge the obstacle .	Even optimists acknowledge the obstacles .	sing_plur	11999
The final BCS standing will be released Dec. 2 .	The final BCS standings will be released Dec. 2 .	sing_plur	12001
In the city , their support has never been strong .	In the cities , their support has never been strong .	sing_plur	12005
The early settler came predominantly from the British Isles .	The early settlers came predominantly from the British Isles .	sing_plur	12006
Anderson said he was pleased by the result .	Anderson said he was pleased by the results .	sing_plur	12009
But this was not as big of a hit with the judge .	But this was not as big of a hit with the judges .	sing_plur	12011
The teacher also played catch to demonstrate gravity 's effect on the ball .	The teachers also played catch to demonstrate gravity 's effect on the ball .	sing_plur	12013
When the result came in , we had a surprise .	When the results came in , we had a surprise .	sing_plur	12014
Those acts ticked the box .	Those acts ticked the boxes .	sing_plur	12016
He eats peanuts with the shell still on .	He eats peanuts with the shells still on .	sing_plur	12017
Milan are seventh in the table and 10 points behind the leader .	Milan are seventh in the table and 10 points behind the leaders .	sing_plur	12019
The rest of the girl stared at me in disbelief .	The rest of the girls stared at me in disbelief .	sing_plur	12020
The responses in those areas were less pronounced among the physician .	The responses in those areas were less pronounced among the physicians .	sing_plur	12021
The female statuette could also have been fertility symbols .	The female statuettes could also have been fertility symbols .	sing_plur	12023
The god of interior design would not .	The gods of interior design would not .	sing_plur	12024
The right signal from Capitol Hill must be sent .	The right signals from Capitol Hill must be sent .	sing_plur	12025
Then several people at the event started yelling at the officer .	Then several people at the event started yelling at the officers .	sing_plur	12027
Others are sent by the court .	Others are sent by the courts .	sing_plur	12028
I do not want them to suffer from the advantage I had .	I do not want them to suffer from the advantages I had .	sing_plur	12029
The animal death can also be traumatic for many people .	The animal deaths can also be traumatic for many people .	sing_plur	12030
But BlackRock has kept its head down amid the turbulent market .	But BlackRock has kept its head down amid the turbulent markets .	sing_plur	12031
Experience had laid bare the danger of off-the-cuff .	Experience had laid bare the dangers of off-the-cuff .	sing_plur	12032
A : Leave it to the expert .	A : Leave it to the experts .	sing_plur	12034
Street entertainment , jazz brunches and dance workshops are among the attraction .	Street entertainment , jazz brunches and dance workshops are among the attractions .	sing_plur	12035
Republicans , meanwhile , seem down in the dump .	Republicans , meanwhile , seem down in the dumps .	sing_plur	12038
But what I remember most vividly about that particular night is the potato .	But what I remember most vividly about that particular night is the potatoes .	sing_plur	12040
So that was really the issue that played out over the year .	So that was really the issue that played out over the years .	sing_plur	12041
Chemistry companies are among the largest investor in research and development .	Chemistry companies are among the largest investors in research and development .	sing_plur	12043
We have to get the win .	We have to get the wins .	sing_plur	12044
The Cavalier went three-and-out before a trick play backfired for Virginia Tech .	The Cavaliers went three-and-out before a trick play backfired for Virginia Tech .	sing_plur	12045
Over the year , she rebuilt and opened more establishments in Greater Manchester .	Over the years , she rebuilt and opened more establishments in Greater Manchester .	sing_plur	12046
Look at the matrimonial ad .	Look at the matrimonial ads .	sing_plur	12049
The writers say the next move is up to the studio .	The writers say the next move is up to the studios .	sing_plur	12050
Suddenly flames start licking out from the side .	Suddenly flames start licking out from the sides .	sing_plur	12051
But the bench did not so much as stir .	But the benches did not so much as stir .	sing_plur	12053
That amount comes in the million as well .	That amount comes in the millions as well .	sing_plur	12054
DNA was taken for analysis from 2,140 of the child .	DNA was taken for analysis from 2,140 of the children .	sing_plur	12055
The comment represented the latest political clash over the unpopular war .	The comments represented the latest political clash over the unpopular war .	sing_plur	12056
But slowly suspicion falls on the colleague themselves .	But slowly suspicion falls on the colleagues themselves .	sing_plur	12057
They made the last arrest about two weeks after the murder .	They made the last arrest about two weeks after the murders .	sing_plur	12058
Other high-profile cases include the murder of Hayley Richards and Tania Moore .	Other high-profile cases include the murders of Hayley Richards and Tania Moore .	sing_plur	12062
The Lions and the Packers have the same strength and weaknesses .	The Lions and the Packers have the same strengths and weaknesses .	sing_plur	12063
IPODs and chewing tobacco are the hottest seller .	IPODs and chewing tobacco are the hottest sellers .	sing_plur	12064
GAN : Self-censorship is an obsession in the mainstream medium .	GAN : Self-censorship is an obsession in the mainstream media .	sing_plur	12065
Thousands in the Basque country have protested against the arrest .	Thousands in the Basque country have protested against the arrests .	sing_plur	12066
Jeff Keppinger homered and David Ross had two RBI for the Red .	Jeff Keppinger homered and David Ross had two RBI for the Reds .	sing_plur	12067
People were stealing the weapon of the dead soldiers .	People were stealing the weapons of the dead soldiers .	sing_plur	12068
It was not immediately clear who was behind the abduction .	It was not immediately clear who was behind the abductions .	sing_plur	12069
It will then be followed by 12 days of the Paralympic game .	It will then be followed by 12 days of the Paralympic games .	sing_plur	12070
In the mind of some show runners that leaves them in a quandary .	In the minds of some show runners that leaves them in a quandary .	sing_plur	12072
His lawyer has launched his own investigation into the finding .	His lawyer has launched his own investigation into the findings .	sing_plur	12074
I kind of knew that it would not be about the child .	I kind of knew that it would not be about the children .	sing_plur	12075
The Rockies ' 65 errors are the fewest in the major .	The Rockies ' 65 errors are the fewest in the majors .	sing_plur	12081
The uniform honored the Irish 's 1977 national title team .	The uniforms honored the Irish 's 1977 national title team .	sing_plur	12082
The BBC 's management is responsible for negotiations with the union .	The BBC 's management is responsible for negotiations with the unions .	sing_plur	12083
That has not stopped Charleston from boasting about the result .	That has not stopped Charleston from boasting about the results .	sing_plur	12084
Intellectually I find the market deeply stimulating .	Intellectually I find the markets deeply stimulating .	sing_plur	12087
Demographers did soon realised they had over-cooked the figure .	Demographers did soon realised they had over-cooked the figures .	sing_plur	12089
She makes losing at the table a lot easier !	She makes losing at the tables a lot easier !	sing_plur	12090
He is highly concerned about the effect of the new law .	He is highly concerned about the effects of the new law .	sing_plur	12092
The human cost and monetary costs will be absolutely terrible .	The human costs and monetary costs will be absolutely terrible .	sing_plur	12093
Paramedics on the scene treated the casualty for smoke inhalation .	Paramedics on the scene treated the casualties for smoke inhalation .	sing_plur	12094
It is different for the Italian .	It is different for the Italians .	sing_plur	12095
But there was no way to keep up with the payment .	But there was no way to keep up with the payments .	sing_plur	12096
Investigators had not yet determined when the victim died , he said .	Investigators had not yet determined when the victims died , he said .	sing_plur	12097
Local girl scouts are making cards for the woman .	Local girl scouts are making cards for the women .	sing_plur	12098
Afterwards I had the first stage of hypothermia .	Afterwards I had the first stages of hypothermia .	sing_plur	12099
The kick is at a tricky angle and Sinfield misses the extra .	The kick is at a tricky angle and Sinfield misses the extras .	sing_plur	12101
Scrub the bristle gently at a 90-degree angle .	Scrub the bristles gently at a 90-degree angle .	sing_plur	12104
Nobody knows the bill better than Obey .	Nobody knows the bills better than Obey .	sing_plur	12105
It was horrible - it still gives me the wobble .	It was horrible - it still gives me the wobbles .	sing_plur	12106
Mario Chalmers led the Jayhawk with 23 points .	Mario Chalmers led the Jayhawks with 23 points .	sing_plur	12107
But not too close , the guard said .	But not too close , the guards said .	sing_plur	12108
That could put further pressure on the public finance .	That could put further pressure on the public finances .	sing_plur	12109
And he provided the answer so they could check themselves .	And he provided the answers so they could check themselves .	sing_plur	12110
But Thompson 's spokeswoman saw the result in a different light .	But Thompson 's spokeswoman saw the results in a different light .	sing_plur	12111
Some of the unit will also have a bedroom .	Some of the units will also have a bedroom .	sing_plur	12112
The record went back only to 1997 .	The records went back only to 1997 .	sing_plur	12113
The suit also claims the rule could lead to discrimination against Hispanic workers .	The suit also claims the rules could lead to discrimination against Hispanic workers .	sing_plur	12115
A full report on the circumstance will be forwarded to the procurator fiscal .	A full report on the circumstances will be forwarded to the procurator fiscal .	sing_plur	12116
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack , police said .	No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks , police said .	sing_plur	12117
" I want to read the paper , " he replied .	" I want to read the papers , " he replied .	sing_plur	12118
He also accuses the former authority of a cover-up .	He also accuses the former authorities of a cover-up .	sing_plur	12119
The John Howard government changed the regulation governing media ownership .	The John Howard government changed the regulations governing media ownership .	sing_plur	12121
You love the flea .	You love the fleas .	sing_plur	12122
The revolution was in the detail .	The revolution was in the details .	sing_plur	12123
This season , Mahan has been among the biggest name in the sport .	This season , Mahan has been among the biggest names in the sport .	sing_plur	12124
He admits it is sometimes hard to sit on the sideline and watch .	He admits it is sometimes hard to sit on the sidelines and watch .	sing_plur	12127
It is witnessed in the hall .	It is witnessed in the halls .	sing_plur	12129
He was mathematically eliminated from reaching the semifinal .	He was mathematically eliminated from reaching the semifinals .	sing_plur	12132
It seems like a kick in the tooth .	It seems like a kick in the teeth .	sing_plur	12134
Gently massage the area around the knee as well .	Gently massage the area around the knees as well .	sing_plur	12135
Her father is extremely wealthy and his darling daughters are the main beneficiary .	Her father is extremely wealthy and his darling daughters are the main beneficiaries .	sing_plur	12136
The detective did not believe a word .	The detectives did not believe a word .	sing_plur	12137
The Blazer all acknowledged this game was big .	The Blazers all acknowledged this game was big .	sing_plur	12138
The prestigious Harrow School has also distanced itself from the brother .	The prestigious Harrow School has also distanced itself from the brothers .	sing_plur	12139
Miles still talks about funny things the friend did .	Miles still talks about funny things the friends did .	sing_plur	12140
That review found satisfactory progress on just eight of the benchmark .	That review found satisfactory progress on just eight of the benchmarks .	sing_plur	12142
Last night , Kyle 's parents both welcomed the finding of the report .	Last night , Kyle 's parents both welcomed the findings of the report .	sing_plur	12143
Six reminds us of the ugly year .	Six reminds us of the ugly years .	sing_plur	12145
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez explains details about a possible release of the hostage .	Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez explains details about a possible release of the hostages .	sing_plur	12148
Not everyone is singing the praise of the casinos .	Not everyone is singing the praises of the casinos .	sing_plur	12149
Police said the shooting appeared to stem from a long-standing dispute between neighbors .	Police said the shootings appeared to stem from a long-standing dispute between neighbors .	sing_plur	12150
Neither of the woman who testified identified Wilkes in the courtroom .	Neither of the women who testified identified Wilkes in the courtroom .	sing_plur	12152
They also offered snacks and drinks to the marcher .	They also offered snacks and drinks to the marchers .	sing_plur	12153
Benazir Bhutto fully understands the danger of al Qaeda .	Benazir Bhutto fully understands the dangers of al Qaeda .	sing_plur	12154
But the government made no commitment to accept any of the recommendation .	But the government made no commitment to accept any of the recommendations .	sing_plur	12155
The zoo will be closed today out of respect for the victim .	The zoo will be closed today out of respect for the victims .	sing_plur	12156
I would rather just take my time and plan the race .	I would rather just take my time and plan the races .	sing_plur	12157
The ancient Egyptian used natural salts , minerals and oils to preserve bodies .	The ancient Egyptians used natural salts , minerals and oils to preserve bodies .	sing_plur	12159
Dartez had been thanking Boykin for driving voters to the poll .	Dartez had been thanking Boykin for driving voters to the polls .	sing_plur	12160
These are the goal or ideals , anyway .	These are the goals or ideals , anyway .	sing_plur	12161
The work also would split time between Fisk and the Bentonville , Ark .	The works also would split time between Fisk and the Bentonville , Ark .	sing_plur	12164
Three white students were suspended for hanging the noose .	Three white students were suspended for hanging the nooses .	sing_plur	12165
Simpson has said the item belonged to him .	Simpson has said the items belonged to him .	sing_plur	12166
It did not feel small , but neither had the other .	It did not feel small , but neither had the others .	sing_plur	12171
The man had been sentenced to eight years in an Iraqi prison .	The men had been sentenced to eight years in an Iraqi prison .	sing_plur	12172
The number that strengthened Rollins 's candidacy were bountiful .	The numbers that strengthened Rollins 's candidacy were bountiful .	sing_plur	12173
Hasselhoff has sole legal and primary physical custody of the girl .	Hasselhoff has sole legal and primary physical custody of the girls .	sing_plur	12174
You can find the recipe below .	You can find the recipes below .	sing_plur	12175
Just do not ask him to grade the paper .	Just do not ask him to grade the papers .	sing_plur	12176
You cannot realistically penalise people if they do not know the consequence .	You cannot realistically penalise people if they do not know the consequences .	sing_plur	12177
And plenty of other studios have music games in the work .	And plenty of other studios have music games in the works .	sing_plur	12180
They want one more climb up the glacier of Mount Rainier .	They want one more climb up the glaciers of Mount Rainier .	sing_plur	12181
" We aren 't the aggressor , " Chavez said .	" We aren 't the aggressors , " Chavez said .	sing_plur	12183
But they are wrong again about the prime mover behind the bombast .	But they are wrong again about the prime movers behind the bombast .	sing_plur	12184
And then there were the constant logistical strain .	And then there were the constant logistical strains .	sing_plur	12186
The report said the raid stems from an investigation in Seattle .	The reports said the raid stems from an investigation in Seattle .	sing_plur	12187
But the bear stole the show .	But the bears stole the show .	sing_plur	12188
Correa has denied the accusation .	Correa has denied the accusations .	sing_plur	12190
The receiver 's design is enough to make anybody turn off the light .	The receiver 's design is enough to make anybody turn off the lights .	sing_plur	12191
This technique also gave the qubit more staying power .	This technique also gave the qubits more staying power .	sing_plur	12192
It said the charge against Mr. Bell belonged in Juvenile Court .	It said the charges against Mr. Bell belonged in Juvenile Court .	sing_plur	12194
West 's death underscores the risk of cosmetic surgery procedures .	West 's death underscores the risks of cosmetic surgery procedures .	sing_plur	12195
There is always speculation over the schedule .	There is always speculation over the schedules .	sing_plur	12196
Registration on the site and video is free to the medium .	Registration on the site and video is free to the media .	sing_plur	12197
The cause of many fires remained under investigation .	The causes of many fires remained under investigation .	sing_plur	12198
The former rebels also have demanded proportional representation in the election .	The former rebels also have demanded proportional representation in the elections .	sing_plur	12199
A volunteer force sprang up to police the spring .	A volunteer force sprang up to police the springs .	sing_plur	12200
Other candidates remain in the low single digit .	Other candidates remain in the low single digits .	sing_plur	12201
So let 's get to the big question .	So let 's get to the big questions .	sing_plur	12202
" The communication between different agencies has significantly improved , " he said .	" The communications between different agencies has significantly improved , " he said .	sing_plur	12204
I kept a list of the tip .	I kept a list of the tips .	sing_plur	12205
The differences were even more subtle between the Republican adviser .	The differences were even more subtle between the Republican advisers .	sing_plur	12207
They all deny the charge .	They all deny the charges .	sing_plur	12209
In the day to follow , Simpson discovered instant stardom .	In the days to follow , Simpson discovered instant stardom .	sing_plur	12210
The fast-growing Atlanta region relies on the lake for drinking water .	The fast-growing Atlanta region relies on the lakes for drinking water .	sing_plur	12211
Iraqi police collected the body and towed the car .	Iraqi police collected the bodies and towed the car .	sing_plur	12212
The soldier returned fire and called in air support , it said .	The soldiers returned fire and called in air support , it said .	sing_plur	12214
The Prosecutor General 's Office refused to comment on the report .	The Prosecutor General 's Office refused to comment on the reports .	sing_plur	12215
" You cannot deny the number , " he added .	" You cannot deny the numbers , " he added .	sing_plur	12216
The display capped a diverse week with competing trends .	The displays capped a diverse week with competing trends .	sing_plur	12219
Now he is trying to sell the ticket .	Now he is trying to sell the tickets .	sing_plur	12221
Nearly three-quarters of mothers are the chief reader .	Nearly three-quarters of mothers are the chief readers .	sing_plur	12223
The authority did not release the suspects ' identities .	The authorities did not release the suspects ' identities .	sing_plur	12224
The answer may be coming this month .	The answers may be coming this month .	sing_plur	12226
And we are the only one in club .	And we are the only ones in club .	sing_plur	12227
As for the earlier discussion , he begged off .	As for the earlier discussions , he begged off .	sing_plur	12228
The monk drew more than 1,000 sympathizers to march with them .	The monks drew more than 1,000 sympathizers to march with them .	sing_plur	12230
That outrage has steadily increased since the demonstration began .	That outrage has steadily increased since the demonstrations began .	sing_plur	12232
The Interpol decision would not force countries to arrest or extradite the suspect .	The Interpol decision would not force countries to arrest or extradite the suspects .	sing_plur	12233
Walters first charged the attacker with attempted second-degree murder .	Walters first charged the attackers with attempted second-degree murder .	sing_plur	12234
The acoustical tile that originally covered it are gone too .	The acoustical tiles that originally covered it are gone too .	sing_plur	12235
The share rose 16.25p at 334p .	The shares rose 16.25p at 334p .	sing_plur	12238
Mr Miliband called for restraint from the Burmese authority .	Mr Miliband called for restraint from the Burmese authorities .	sing_plur	12239
CSN 's Nicole Zaloumis will work the sideline .	CSN 's Nicole Zaloumis will work the sidelines .	sing_plur	12241
The firefighter began to rig a harness to hoist him up by rope .	The firefighters began to rig a harness to hoist him up by rope .	sing_plur	12242
Ferrer was reaching the quarterfinal of the U.S. Open for the first time .	Ferrer was reaching the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open for the first time .	sing_plur	12243
The antagonist seemed to avoid eye contact despite their proximity .	The antagonists seemed to avoid eye contact despite their proximity .	sing_plur	12244
That is now supported by the Iraqi .	That is now supported by the Iraqis .	sing_plur	12245
The other may not .	The others may not .	sing_plur	12246
In August the bank deserted each other .	In August the banks deserted each other .	sing_plur	12247
The two religions have generally had cordial relations over the year .	The two religions have generally had cordial relations over the years .	sing_plur	12249
In 1999 , Gavarito confessed to the murder of 140 people .	In 1999 , Gavarito confessed to the murders of 140 people .	sing_plur	12252
But even contemplating such a request cannot come easily for the Iraqi .	But even contemplating such a request cannot come easily for the Iraqis .	sing_plur	12255
This deception has blighted the life of thousands of people .	This deception has blighted the lives of thousands of people .	sing_plur	12257
He had to re-sit the exam before he could start university .	He had to re-sit the exams before he could start university .	sing_plur	12258
Sometimes they organize briefings for the editor .	Sometimes they organize briefings for the editors .	sing_plur	12259
He said the meter would help free up city employees .	He said the meters would help free up city employees .	sing_plur	12260
All six deny the charge .	All six deny the charges .	sing_plur	12261
A lawyer for the company could not be reached immediately for comment .	A lawyer for the companies could not be reached immediately for comment .	sing_plur	12262
Then came the imitator .	Then came the imitators .	sing_plur	12263
The second is a gift for throwing the bomb .	The second is a gift for throwing the bombs .	sing_plur	12264
The birds of prey eat the rabbit and die from the poison .	The birds of prey eat the rabbits and die from the poison .	sing_plur	12265
Two of the man charged Robert Wolffe , 50 , Randolph , Vt .	Two of the men charged Robert Wolffe , 50 , Randolph , Vt .	sing_plur	12266
Both senators interviewed more than a dozen candidates before making the selection .	Both senators interviewed more than a dozen candidates before making the selections .	sing_plur	12268
IBM is also working to interconnect the sensor .	IBM is also working to interconnect the sensors .	sing_plur	12269
Most of the point came after mistakes by the opposition .	Most of the points came after mistakes by the opposition .	sing_plur	12271
In the evening we listened to music and read .	In the evenings we listened to music and read .	sing_plur	12272
What remained unclear was whether the Giants viewed the fine as negotiable .	What remained unclear was whether the Giants viewed the fines as negotiable .	sing_plur	12274
The competition is open to all organizations that meet the above criterion .	The competition is open to all organizations that meet the above criteria .	sing_plur	12279
Monks are revered in the deeply religious nation and spearheaded the mass demonstration .	Monks are revered in the deeply religious nation and spearheaded the mass demonstrations .	sing_plur	12285
The vendor started to grab their things .	The vendors started to grab their things .	sing_plur	12286
They would create havoc on the weekend .	They would create havoc on the weekends .	sing_plur	12290
The company asks consumers to throw away the pizza .	The company asks consumers to throw away the pizzas .	sing_plur	12293
The pair will now face each other for a place in the semifinal .	The pair will now face each other for a place in the semifinals .	sing_plur	12294
But Ware suggests in his report that prosecutors immunized the wrong guy .	But Ware suggests in his report that prosecutors immunized the wrong guys .	sing_plur	12295
The robbery netted $ 60,000 , authorities said .	The robberies netted $ 60,000 , authorities said .	sing_plur	12297
Arif knew the risk of proselytizing .	Arif knew the risks of proselytizing .	sing_plur	12298
NeoMagic disclaims any proprietary interest in the mark and names of others .	NeoMagic disclaims any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others .	sing_plur	12299
She spent the next hour trying to get a reply .	She spent the next hours trying to get a reply .	sing_plur	12302
He later met with the family privately .	He later met with the families privately .	sing_plur	12303
The rule of engagement under the two regimes would indeed be quite different .	The rules of engagement under the two regimes would indeed be quite different .	sing_plur	12304
I have talked generally to the player about that .	I have talked generally to the players about that .	sing_plur	12305
The author conceded that the report was not a scientific study .	The authors conceded that the report was not a scientific study .	sing_plur	12306
The villa will include spa treatment rooms .	The villas will include spa treatment rooms .	sing_plur	12307
" " I go to the movie .	" " I go to the movies .	sing_plur	12310
But some have suggested the charge may be politically motivated .	But some have suggested the charges may be politically motivated .	sing_plur	12312
We are the one not getting the right results .	We are the ones not getting the right results .	sing_plur	12313
As in every conflict , civilians feel the effect too .	As in every conflict , civilians feel the effects too .	sing_plur	12315
More joint ventures are in the wing .	More joint ventures are in the wings .	sing_plur	12316
He said the most difficult part was climbing the stair .	He said the most difficult part was climbing the stairs .	sing_plur	12317
In Seoul , anti-American demonstrators crowded the street .	In Seoul , anti-American demonstrators crowded the streets .	sing_plur	12318
By the early hour of this morning he had taken 500 .	By the early hours of this morning he had taken 500 .	sing_plur	12319
Jawdat said the official had released suspects improperly .	Jawdat said the officials had released suspects improperly .	sing_plur	12320
Hamas fears Israel will arrest militants among the pilgrim .	Hamas fears Israel will arrest militants among the pilgrims .	sing_plur	12321
Now , for the presidential candidate , it is show time .	Now , for the presidential candidates , it is show time .	sing_plur	12324
The family of the dead soldiers sued Presidential .	The families of the dead soldiers sued Presidential .	sing_plur	12325
With the lady it is crazy .	With the ladies it is crazy .	sing_plur	12326
Some of the musician had probably never played for another conductor .	Some of the musicians had probably never played for another conductor .	sing_plur	12327
But the student turned out to be a very enthusiastic audience .	But the students turned out to be a very enthusiastic audience .	sing_plur	12328
And they expect the trial to begin as scheduled in November .	And they expect the trials to begin as scheduled in November .	sing_plur	12329
Top management gave funding to the best idea .	Top management gave funding to the best ideas .	sing_plur	12330
Pilots and skippers like to be exposed to the element .	Pilots and skippers like to be exposed to the elements .	sing_plur	12331
Western leaders competed with each other to express support for the protest .	Western leaders competed with each other to express support for the protests .	sing_plur	12333
He says the writer worked with Williams in winnowing down 30 possible skits .	He says the writers worked with Williams in winnowing down 30 possible skits .	sing_plur	12336
The protest could bring increased scrutiny on China 's close relations with Myanmar .	The protests could bring increased scrutiny on China 's close relations with Myanmar .	sing_plur	12337
The repurchase will be funded using the Company 's general working capital .	The repurchases will be funded using the Company 's general working capital .	sing_plur	12338
But environmentalists have condemned the proposal .	But environmentalists have condemned the proposals .	sing_plur	12339
Her mother worked in factories and drove a taxi to pay the bill .	Her mother worked in factories and drove a taxi to pay the bills .	sing_plur	12341
He travels to different places that the child can learn about .	He travels to different places that the children can learn about .	sing_plur	12342
The camera turns to Amii Grove , another of the contestant .	The camera turns to Amii Grove , another of the contestants .	sing_plur	12344
Moscow denies the accusation , describing Tbilisi 's claims as provocation .	Moscow denies the accusations , describing Tbilisi 's claims as provocation .	sing_plur	12345
The figure for both exclude home deliveries from unconsolidated joint ventures .	The figures for both exclude home deliveries from unconsolidated joint ventures .	sing_plur	12348
The clock only just went back .	The clocks only just went back .	sing_plur	12349
He said no one encouraged the Afghan to demonstrate .	He said no one encouraged the Afghans to demonstrate .	sing_plur	12350
Spoon or pipe the filling into the cup .	Spoon or pipe the filling into the cups .	sing_plur	12354
He is also overseeing the early step toward the proposed expansion .	He is also overseeing the early steps toward the proposed expansion .	sing_plur	12355
The Gator did not even have to play 60 minutes .	The Gators did not even have to play 60 minutes .	sing_plur	12356
Later Tuesday , McCain said he had not yet seen the remark .	Later Tuesday , McCain said he had not yet seen the remarks .	sing_plur	12357
The licence would be given to villages , not individual farmers .	The licences would be given to villages , not individual farmers .	sing_plur	12358
Many people have moved out to the suburb .	Many people have moved out to the suburbs .	sing_plur	12359
Scientists use the shelf to record global climate conditions .	Scientists use the shelves to record global climate conditions .	sing_plur	12360
One church in Lagos can supposedly bring 2m people out onto the street .	One church in Lagos can supposedly bring 2m people out onto the streets .	sing_plur	12362
But sometimes the manufacturer can push a thing too far .	But sometimes the manufacturers can push a thing too far .	sing_plur	12363
The local population was ready to resist but did not have the resource .	The local population was ready to resist but did not have the resources .	sing_plur	12365
In the playoff , they beat the Ravens without scoring a touchdown .	In the playoffs , they beat the Ravens without scoring a touchdown .	sing_plur	12366
, the company said Wednesday .	, the companies said Wednesday .	sing_plur	12369
The Quaker contained Yale 's offense over the final three quarters .	The Quakers contained Yale 's offense over the final three quarters .	sing_plur	12370
One learns the beach .	One learns the beaches .	sing_plur	12371
The boldest protester shouted at soldiers about three blocks away .	The boldest protesters shouted at soldiers about three blocks away .	sing_plur	12372
That said , occasionally the reward will be immediate .	That said , occasionally the rewards will be immediate .	sing_plur	12373
Instead , they are the arbiter of fairness .	Instead , they are the arbiters of fairness .	sing_plur	12374
The rest of the contestant glanced nervously at question six .	The rest of the contestants glanced nervously at question six .	sing_plur	12375
Some of the protester threw rocks in response .	Some of the protesters threw rocks in response .	sing_plur	12377
That lowers the asset in her name .	That lowers the assets in her name .	sing_plur	12378
The friend had laughed about it over coffee the weekend Elizabeth disappeared .	The friends had laughed about it over coffee the weekend Elizabeth disappeared .	sing_plur	12379
But her maneuvers wowed the crowd .	But her maneuvers wowed the crowds .	sing_plur	12380
Guillen just completed his 11th season in the major .	Guillen just completed his 11th season in the majors .	sing_plur	12384
And there was the beginning of this evangelical revival in the country .	And there was the beginnings of this evangelical revival in the country .	sing_plur	12387
Then the attitude began to change about them .	Then the attitudes began to change about them .	sing_plur	12389
The Eye : With bold lip colors , celebrities opted for soft eyes .	The Eyes : With bold lip colors , celebrities opted for soft eyes .	sing_plur	12391
They are not the only one .	They are not the only ones .	sing_plur	12392
The English cannot be outvoted by the Scot , period .	The English cannot be outvoted by the Scots , period .	sing_plur	12393
I admired her approach even when the result disappointed me .	I admired her approach even when the results disappointed me .	sing_plur	12394
The Husky received 49 of the 50 first-place votes .	The Huskies received 49 of the 50 first-place votes .	sing_plur	12395
The change announced today represent continuity more than change .	The changes announced today represent continuity more than change .	sing_plur	12398
Some of the attendee seemed strangely out of place .	Some of the attendees seemed strangely out of place .	sing_plur	12399
Nobody has been convicted in any of the case .	Nobody has been convicted in any of the cases .	sing_plur	12401
Deadly hospital bugs have hogged the headline in recent years .	Deadly hospital bugs have hogged the headlines in recent years .	sing_plur	12402
For many , the start of school relegates it to the weekend .	For many , the start of school relegates it to the weekends .	sing_plur	12403
Too bad he cannot say that about the green .	Too bad he cannot say that about the greens .	sing_plur	12406
His cooperation led to the indictment on Thursday .	His cooperation led to the indictments on Thursday .	sing_plur	12407
You will see the Iranians move in and pick sides among the Shia .	You will see the Iranians move in and pick sides among the Shias .	sing_plur	12409
The light can be disorienting to night-migrating birds .	The lights can be disorienting to night-migrating birds .	sing_plur	12410
State Supreme Court Justice Arthur Cooperman denied the motion to dismiss the charge .	State Supreme Court Justice Arthur Cooperman denied the motion to dismiss the charges .	sing_plur	12412
They even gave us the name of a man and a woman .	They even gave us the names of a man and a woman .	sing_plur	12413
But it was Bush who got the headline this morning .	But it was Bush who got the headlines this morning .	sing_plur	12416
Put the duck into a roasting tin .	Put the ducks into a roasting tin .	sing_plur	12417
The researcher did not have any information on why the couples divorced .	The researchers did not have any information on why the couples divorced .	sing_plur	12418
The Iraqi and Afghans arriving under these special visas are not .	The Iraqis and Afghans arriving under these special visas are not .	sing_plur	12419
But the solo , as usual , sparkled .	But the solos , as usual , sparkled .	sing_plur	12420
The debate had effects on both voters and candidates .	The debates had effects on both voters and candidates .	sing_plur	12422
, denied the accusation .	, denied the accusations .	sing_plur	12424
They buy cases of beer and throw the bottle on the ground .	They buy cases of beer and throw the bottles on the ground .	sing_plur	12426
" We are horrified by the charge , " the statement said .	" We are horrified by the charges , " the statement said .	sing_plur	12427
Later , the man took the house .	Later , the men took the house .	sing_plur	12429
Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , the Socialist prime minister , welcomed the verdict .	Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , the Socialist prime minister , welcomed the verdicts .	sing_plur	12430
Local authorities are investigating the cause of the death .	Local authorities are investigating the cause of the deaths .	sing_plur	12432
The other included giants like Ford and Motorola .	The others included giants like Ford and Motorola .	sing_plur	12433
The results come on the heel of flat reading scores for high-school seniors .	The results come on the heels of flat reading scores for high-school seniors .	sing_plur	12435
There are ways to jump the queue .	There are ways to jump the queues .	sing_plur	12436
There has been no comment from rebel forces on the latest battle .	There has been no comment from rebel forces on the latest battles .	sing_plur	12437
Police said the charge could be upgraded to murder .	Police said the charges could be upgraded to murder .	sing_plur	12439
Then the crab started to go .	Then the crabs started to go .	sing_plur	12443
UIB and Willis also declined to comment on the case .	UIB and Willis also declined to comment on the cases .	sing_plur	12444
But Sabbatini is not focussing on the long odd .	But Sabbatini is not focussing on the long odds .	sing_plur	12445
The panelist debated how Endeavor compared with other drug-coated stents .	The panelists debated how Endeavor compared with other drug-coated stents .	sing_plur	12446
The increase went into effect July 30 .	The increases went into effect July 30 .	sing_plur	12447
Chrysler has not yet announced which vehicles will use the engine .	Chrysler has not yet announced which vehicles will use the engines .	sing_plur	12448
But nearly $ 16 million of that cannot be used for the primary .	But nearly $ 16 million of that cannot be used for the primaries .	sing_plur	12450
It is where the portal should have evolved .	It is where the portals should have evolved .	sing_plur	12451
Lawmakers are not the only one on edge .	Lawmakers are not the only ones on edge .	sing_plur	12455
He is won on him on the same tactic .	He is won on him on the same tactics .	sing_plur	12456
This is an appeal perfectly suited to the time .	This is an appeal perfectly suited to the times .	sing_plur	12457
We are in the playoff .	We are in the playoffs .	sing_plur	12458
That puts murderers and violent criminals on the street .	That puts murderers and violent criminals on the streets .	sing_plur	12459
The attack continued like that for months .	The attacks continued like that for months .	sing_plur	12464
Univision cited scheduling conflicts among the candidate .	Univision cited scheduling conflicts among the candidates .	sing_plur	12465
The facility that received orders are : Allan Barry Livestock , Leaf River .	The facilities that received orders are : Allan Barry Livestock , Leaf River .	sing_plur	12466
The victim all died .	The victims all died .	sing_plur	12467
Those are the position of leading Democrats on the war .	Those are the positions of leading Democrats on the war .	sing_plur	12468
The team combined to go 5-for-12 on the power play .	The teams combined to go 5-for-12 on the power play .	sing_plur	12469
The study is reported in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The study is reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	12472
The share closed 5p down at 211p .	The shares closed 5p down at 211p .	sing_plur	12473
The country is festooned with the symbol of Buddhism .	The country is festooned with the symbols of Buddhism .	sing_plur	12475
It cited weakened housing conditions for some of the increase .	It cited weakened housing conditions for some of the increases .	sing_plur	12477
That leaves the market as a mechanism for keeping greed in check .	That leaves the markets as a mechanism for keeping greed in check .	sing_plur	12478
He runs the lap , too .	He runs the laps , too .	sing_plur	12480
More than half of the kid also got allergy skin tests .	More than half of the kids also got allergy skin tests .	sing_plur	12481
The painting will be displayed at Tate Britain next summer .	The paintings will be displayed at Tate Britain next summer .	sing_plur	12482
The government did not explain the conflicting statement .	The government did not explain the conflicting statements .	sing_plur	12483
The market will reopen on Nov. 26 .	The markets will reopen on Nov. 26 .	sing_plur	12484
Ramadi was worse than it appeared in the medium .	Ramadi was worse than it appeared in the media .	sing_plur	12485
Sharif has already declared that his Muslim League will boycott the election .	Sharif has already declared that his Muslim League will boycott the elections .	sing_plur	12489
But never mind , the mud has already stuck to the postie .	But never mind , the mud has already stuck to the posties .	sing_plur	12490
It has done that largely on the back of family and friends .	It has done that largely on the backs of family and friends .	sing_plur	12491
The military did not identify the soldier .	The military did not identify the soldiers .	sing_plur	12492
So the activity will be carefully selected .	So the activities will be carefully selected .	sing_plur	12494
We need a flat pitch , without the hole .	We need a flat pitch , without the holes .	sing_plur	12496
We offer him our deepest thanks for his contributions over the year .	We offer him our deepest thanks for his contributions over the years .	sing_plur	12497
The Blazer won 13 games straight against the Mavericks from 1991-94 .	The Blazers won 13 games straight against the Mavericks from 1991-94 .	sing_plur	12499
Two of the suite will have double beds .	Two of the suites will have double beds .	sing_plur	12500
They give the authority 24 hours .	They give the authorities 24 hours .	sing_plur	12502
He was taken to hospital suffering from the effect of breathing in smoke .	He was taken to hospital suffering from the effects of breathing in smoke .	sing_plur	12504
But , over the year , something amazing happened .	But , over the years , something amazing happened .	sing_plur	12507
The tremors aren 't noticeable on the surface , the scientist said .	The tremors aren 't noticeable on the surface , the scientists said .	sing_plur	12508
The freshman combined for 42 points and played a combined 116 minutes .	The freshmen combined for 42 points and played a combined 116 minutes .	sing_plur	12509
She stays at home and looks after the child .	She stays at home and looks after the children .	sing_plur	12510
Neither document gives a motive for the death .	Neither document gives a motive for the deaths .	sing_plur	12511
The commonly-used pictures focus on the fire in California .	The commonly-used pictures focus on the fires in California .	sing_plur	12512
He is ahead in the key state of Iowa and New Hampshire .	He is ahead in the key states of Iowa and New Hampshire .	sing_plur	12514
The plane passed 4.17 miles away from each other near Goshen , Indiana .	The planes passed 4.17 miles away from each other near Goshen , Indiana .	sing_plur	12515
Gibson led the Trojan with 10 first-half points .	Gibson led the Trojans with 10 first-half points .	sing_plur	12516
But the practical applications outweigh the worry for some converts .	But the practical applications outweigh the worries for some converts .	sing_plur	12518
The leader also issued a statement supporting the Doha round of trade talks .	The leaders also issued a statement supporting the Doha round of trade talks .	sing_plur	12520
Immigrants often confuse the agency , Christian said .	Immigrants often confuse the agencies , Christian said .	sing_plur	12521
With a ballpoint pen , Oakwood lifted the key .	With a ballpoint pen , Oakwood lifted the keys .	sing_plur	12524
The appellate judge rejected those claims .	The appellate judges rejected those claims .	sing_plur	12525
More than 8,200 reached the island since the beginning of this year .	More than 8,200 reached the islands since the beginning of this year .	sing_plur	12527
Initially , the unit will be the only security trading .	Initially , the units will be the only security trading .	sing_plur	12528
The announcement raised the stake for the December election .	The announcement raised the stakes for the December election .	sing_plur	12530
Authorities have not released the name of the two D.C. officers involved .	Authorities have not released the names of the two D.C. officers involved .	sing_plur	12531
Still , some lawmakers said they would welcome more clarity on the rule .	Still , some lawmakers said they would welcome more clarity on the rules .	sing_plur	12532
Police arrested most of the suspect in October 2004 .	Police arrested most of the suspects in October 2004 .	sing_plur	12534
Among the drug the deal brings together are Revlimid , Thalomid and Vidaza .	Among the drugs the deal brings together are Revlimid , Thalomid and Vidaza .	sing_plur	12537
She complained , and the chair umpire warned the fan .	She complained , and the chair umpire warned the fans .	sing_plur	12538
She seems to be leading plans to water down the proposal .	She seems to be leading plans to water down the proposals .	sing_plur	12539
Mr Arnault has bigger ambitions in the medium still .	Mr Arnault has bigger ambitions in the media still .	sing_plur	12542
But throughout she undercuts the claim of that old world .	But throughout she undercuts the claims of that old world .	sing_plur	12544
A medic from Hilla hospital confirmed receiving the body of the victims .	A medic from Hilla hospital confirmed receiving the bodies of the victims .	sing_plur	12545
" We have the upper hand on the street , " he said .	" We have the upper hand on the streets , " he said .	sing_plur	12546
The woman 's final .	The women 's final .	sing_plur	12547
The plan is to get the student back in school .	The plan is to get the students back in school .	sing_plur	12549
The deputy pulled it over and took the men in for questioning .	The deputies pulled it over and took the men in for questioning .	sing_plur	12551
He has always denied the charge .	He has always denied the charges .	sing_plur	12552
You 've probably seen the commercial .	You 've probably seen the commercials .	sing_plur	12553
The plant itself would run into the billion of dollars .	The plant itself would run into the billions of dollars .	sing_plur	12554
In fact , such disclosure often pressures the delinquent owner to pay up .	In fact , such disclosure often pressures the delinquent owners to pay up .	sing_plur	12556
I mean , the back seat of cars .	I mean , the back seats of cars .	sing_plur	12557
It distances us from the character .	It distances us from the characters .	sing_plur	12558
Other security guards clung to the side of the SUV .	Other security guards clung to the sides of the SUV .	sing_plur	12559
Then the African surgeon observed the Americans .	Then the African surgeons observed the Americans .	sing_plur	12561
Walsh-Haney checked the dryness of the bone .	Walsh-Haney checked the dryness of the bones .	sing_plur	12563
The owner took the action at their meeting Wednesday .	The owners took the action at their meeting Wednesday .	sing_plur	12564
Only when it is can leadership and direction follow along with the resource .	Only when it is can leadership and direction follow along with the resources .	sing_plur	12566
Oakland will be the home team for the game in Japan .	Oakland will be the home team for the games in Japan .	sing_plur	12567
They may not be the only one to suffer .	They may not be the only ones to suffer .	sing_plur	12568
The Predator tied it at 12 : 20 .	The Predators tied it at 12 : 20 .	sing_plur	12569
BlackBerry and iPhone versions are in the work .	BlackBerry and iPhone versions are in the works .	sing_plur	12570
Otherwise , she said she was going to the street .	Otherwise , she said she was going to the streets .	sing_plur	12571
His kicking game is good and he is making the right decision .	His kicking game is good and he is making the right decisions .	sing_plur	12573
The soft prediction came despite strong quarterly performance .	The soft predictions came despite strong quarterly performance .	sing_plur	12574
Iceland and Malta produced the biggest surprise .	Iceland and Malta produced the biggest surprises .	sing_plur	12575
Two other men were picked up in July over the abduction .	Two other men were picked up in July over the abductions .	sing_plur	12576
The researcher measured plaque levels using a technique called vascular echography .	The researchers measured plaque levels using a technique called vascular echography .	sing_plur	12577
The nightmare started right after Dominique Petit is daughter was born .	The nightmares started right after Dominique Petit is daughter was born .	sing_plur	12578
Spare yourself the long line for rushed service .	Spare yourself the long lines for rushed service .	sing_plur	12579
The 34-year-old third baseman receives a $ 500,000 buyout .	The 34-year-old third basemen receives a $ 500,000 buyout .	sing_plur	12580
The Scot had a referendum to approve devolution .	The Scots had a referendum to approve devolution .	sing_plur	12581
In many ways , they are the real journalist .	In many ways , they are the real journalists .	sing_plur	12582
I am talking to the member of the N.R.A. right now .	I am talking to the members of the N.R.A. right now .	sing_plur	12584
He has gone through some rough patches in working with the musician .	He has gone through some rough patches in working with the musicians .	sing_plur	12585
A reward is being offered to anyone who tracks down the jokester .	A reward is being offered to anyone who tracks down the jokesters .	sing_plur	12590
It is the kid .	It is the kids .	sing_plur	12591
They are implanted right after the veterinarian removes the real testicle .	They are implanted right after the veterinarian removes the real testicles .	sing_plur	12595
Those with scores exceeding 760 get the lowest rate .	Those with scores exceeding 760 get the lowest rates .	sing_plur	12597
Friends ' artwork is on the wall .	Friends ' artwork is on the walls .	sing_plur	12599
No doubt this careful balancing reflects the varying priorities among the bishop .	No doubt this careful balancing reflects the varying priorities among the bishops .	sing_plur	12600
The soldier quickly found a comfort level with Mr. Gandolfini .	The soldiers quickly found a comfort level with Mr. Gandolfini .	sing_plur	12603
The other photographer pitched in to teach her .	The other photographers pitched in to teach her .	sing_plur	12604
The monastery was destroyed during the 15th-century war of religion .	The monastery was destroyed during the 15th-century wars of religion .	sing_plur	12605
Interpol posted the image on its Web site .	Interpol posted the images on its Web site .	sing_plur	12606
The name of those involved were not released .	The names of those involved were not released .	sing_plur	12607
The effect of any strike would not be felt immediately .	The effects of any strike would not be felt immediately .	sing_plur	12609
Perhaps a better analogy than Columbus would be the polar explorer .	Perhaps a better analogy than Columbus would be the polar explorers .	sing_plur	12610
California , Florida , Nevada and Arizona were the state hardest hit .	California , Florida , Nevada and Arizona were the states hardest hit .	sing_plur	12611
" I just used the opportunity that I had , " she said .	" I just used the opportunities that I had , " she said .	sing_plur	12612
Army officials said they were checking the report .	Army officials said they were checking the reports .	sing_plur	12615
Ms. Gambrell is a former parole officer who supervised many of the parent .	Ms. Gambrell is a former parole officer who supervised many of the parents .	sing_plur	12617
The new pilot drastically mutes the racial overtone .	The new pilot drastically mutes the racial overtones .	sing_plur	12618
The loss could be larger this year .	The losses could be larger this year .	sing_plur	12624
The machine also can carry video advertising .	The machines also can carry video advertising .	sing_plur	12625
The last posting was made less than hour before the shooting .	The last posting was made less than hour before the shootings .	sing_plur	12627
Her husband , John , did the preaching and Tenbrink provided the visual .	Her husband , John , did the preaching and Tenbrink provided the visuals .	sing_plur	12628
The number provided reflect what was net to the Trust .	The numbers provided reflect what was net to the Trust .	sing_plur	12629
There was no immediate confirmation of the report .	There was no immediate confirmation of the reports .	sing_plur	12630
Haga has denied the allegation .	Haga has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	12631
T : Leave it to the expert .	T : Leave it to the experts .	sing_plur	12632
So , ultimately , he was pulling the string .	So , ultimately , he was pulling the strings .	sing_plur	12633
Most of the participant in the force will come from African countries .	Most of the participants in the force will come from African countries .	sing_plur	12634
Other Topics Of Interest Will Also Feature In The Talk .	Other Topics Of Interest Will Also Feature In The Talks .	sing_plur	12635
Drain the sweet potato and let cool briefly .	Drain the sweet potatoes and let cool briefly .	sing_plur	12636
The worst is over on the frozen plain of Mars .	The worst is over on the frozen plains of Mars .	sing_plur	12637
Reports of private arms dealers doing a brisk business have dominated the medium .	Reports of private arms dealers doing a brisk business have dominated the media .	sing_plur	12638
He started the man 's group in June .	He started the men 's group in June .	sing_plur	12641
They take the deposition .	They take the depositions .	sing_plur	12642
The forward did well , they put their bodies on the line .	The forwards did well , they put their bodies on the line .	sing_plur	12644
I understand the concern .	I understand the concerns .	sing_plur	12645
But management liked him , and so did the player .	But management liked him , and so did the players .	sing_plur	12646
The latest figure from the AA showed unleaded petrol averaged 98.57p last week .	The latest figures from the AA showed unleaded petrol averaged 98.57p last week .	sing_plur	12647
Paul J. Browne , a police spokesman , said the officer acted appropriately .	Paul J. Browne , a police spokesman , said the officers acted appropriately .	sing_plur	12648
Watson has apologized for the controversial remark .	Watson has apologized for the controversial remarks .	sing_plur	12649
I have been saying the same thing for a long time .	I have been saying the same things for a long time .	sing_plur	12650
I am concerned with implanting the right value .	I am concerned with implanting the right values .	sing_plur	12652
You want to perform at the top level against the big side .	You want to perform at the top level against the big sides .	sing_plur	12653
Yet something prompted this 14-year-old to head for the bright light .	Yet something prompted this 14-year-old to head for the bright lights .	sing_plur	12654
But it came precisely when Iowa Democrats were getting serious about the caucus .	But it came precisely when Iowa Democrats were getting serious about the caucuses .	sing_plur	12656
Click on the topic below to watch the highlights .	Click on the topics below to watch the highlights .	sing_plur	12658
Truckloads of helmeted soldiers prowled the slum .	Truckloads of helmeted soldiers prowled the slums .	sing_plur	12659
He questioned whether there had been adequate planning for the related project .	He questioned whether there had been adequate planning for the related projects .	sing_plur	12661
Then the new jobs become defined by the machine .	Then the new jobs become defined by the machines .	sing_plur	12663
The plea had earlier been rejected by local courts .	The pleas had earlier been rejected by local courts .	sing_plur	12667
They are the one with zeros in the loss column .	They are the ones with zeros in the loss column .	sing_plur	12670
But there are those who are skeptical about the cap on malpractice .	But there are those who are skeptical about the caps on malpractice .	sing_plur	12671
No one expects the boy to do well .	No one expects the boys to do well .	sing_plur	12672
Yet another injury blow hit the tourist .	Yet another injury blow hit the tourists .	sing_plur	12673
You 're challenged to maintain professionalism despite the pressure and the attack .	You 're challenged to maintain professionalism despite the pressure and the attacks .	sing_plur	12674
The 11-year-old twin played baseball and football .	The 11-year-old twins played baseball and football .	sing_plur	12676
Others were pressing for broad or pinpointed military operations to hunt the militant .	Others were pressing for broad or pinpointed military operations to hunt the militants .	sing_plur	12677
It is unclear how the snake made its way into the pipe .	It is unclear how the snake made its way into the pipes .	sing_plur	12679
I want to thank the guy for making the long trip .	I want to thank the guys for making the long trip .	sing_plur	12680
" Nature 's blowtorch " is how the Daily Mail describes the wildfire .	" Nature 's blowtorch " is how the Daily Mail describes the wildfires .	sing_plur	12681
The online fan gave me a nickname , the Regginator .	The online fans gave me a nickname , the Regginator .	sing_plur	12683
The team was assessing the chance of recovering the U-boat .	The team was assessing the chances of recovering the U-boat .	sing_plur	12684
Woods thinks so despite the hint .	Woods thinks so despite the hints .	sing_plur	12685
More retail deals are in the work .	More retail deals are in the works .	sing_plur	12686
They are the only one who will understand us .	They are the only ones who will understand us .	sing_plur	12687
But it was the Hoosier who looked fatigued and unfocused early .	But it was the Hoosiers who looked fatigued and unfocused early .	sing_plur	12690
I think swearing is OK in the right circumstance .	I think swearing is OK in the right circumstances .	sing_plur	12692
The player seemed more satisfied with their day 's work .	The players seemed more satisfied with their day 's work .	sing_plur	12693
Venter was riding the wave again last week .	Venter was riding the waves again last week .	sing_plur	12694
The professional got several chances to weigh in .	The professionals got several chances to weigh in .	sing_plur	12695
The red bench , that is .	The red benches , that is .	sing_plur	12697
Both companies have calculators on their websites to estimate the cost .	Both companies have calculators on their websites to estimate the costs .	sing_plur	12698
His campaign reported that it had $ 9.2 million left for the primary .	His campaign reported that it had $ 9.2 million left for the primaries .	sing_plur	12699
Then came the workaday frustration .	Then came the workaday frustrations .	sing_plur	12700
The inquest proper will open next week .	The inquests proper will open next week .	sing_plur	12706
Officials had traced the patty to that plant .	Officials had traced the patties to that plant .	sing_plur	12707
The regular starter for both teams saw limited action .	The regular starters for both teams saw limited action .	sing_plur	12708
There is not much common ground in the British paper .	There is not much common ground in the British papers .	sing_plur	12709
The man had also been recorded discussing targets to attack .	The men had also been recorded discussing targets to attack .	sing_plur	12710
Chief Executive Richard Anderson said he was pleased by the result .	Chief Executive Richard Anderson said he was pleased by the results .	sing_plur	12711
The gain in income and spending both exceeded expectations of Wall Street .	The gains in income and spending both exceeded expectations of Wall Street .	sing_plur	12712
He was found hanged in the early hour of Saturday .	He was found hanged in the early hours of Saturday .	sing_plur	12714
However , the new limb had less muscle mass than the original ones .	However , the new limbs had less muscle mass than the original ones .	sing_plur	12715
In all three events the American teams start among the favorite .	In all three events the American teams start among the favorites .	sing_plur	12716
The detail will now be passed to the coroner .	The details will now be passed to the coroner .	sing_plur	12717
The ad will also feature customer testimonials .	The ads will also feature customer testimonials .	sing_plur	12718
Both songs maintained the same ranking they had last week .	Both songs maintained the same rankings they had last week .	sing_plur	12720
It was not immediately clear how they responded to the charge .	It was not immediately clear how they responded to the charges .	sing_plur	12721
The film has been in the work since 2004 .	The film has been in the works since 2004 .	sing_plur	12723
The settlements also include a step-up in testing by the retailer .	The settlements also include a step-up in testing by the retailers .	sing_plur	12725
A Tennessee win at Indianapolis puts the Titans in the playoff .	A Tennessee win at Indianapolis puts the Titans in the playoffs .	sing_plur	12727
The nationwide display will run through January .	The nationwide displays will run through January .	sing_plur	12729
It is expected to be a hot gift for the holiday .	It is expected to be a hot gift for the holidays .	sing_plur	12731
10 to prepare for the election .	10 to prepare for the elections .	sing_plur	12732
He had walked out of class and was roaming the hall .	He had walked out of class and was roaming the halls .	sing_plur	12733
The big play helped limit the Tide to six plays in the third .	The big plays helped limit the Tide to six plays in the third .	sing_plur	12734
The guest called on Sheikh Sultan to greet him on Eid Al Fitr .	The guests called on Sheikh Sultan to greet him on Eid Al Fitr .	sing_plur	12735
Still , the program ascribes great potential to the machine .	Still , the program ascribes great potential to the machines .	sing_plur	12736
This got me thinking about the similarity between journalism and teaching .	This got me thinking about the similarities between journalism and teaching .	sing_plur	12738
Mark Hateley and Ally McCoist got the goal in Leeds .	Mark Hateley and Ally McCoist got the goals in Leeds .	sing_plur	12741
It is a shame I let the guy down .	It is a shame I let the guys down .	sing_plur	12743
It gave no details on the nationality of any of the victims .	It gave no details on the nationalities of any of the victims .	sing_plur	12745
He returned as a cameraman on the D-Day landing .	He returned as a cameraman on the D-Day landings .	sing_plur	12748
It helps pay the bill .	It helps pay the bills .	sing_plur	12751
Amid the sound and smells of flesh burning , Shin then blacked out .	Amid the sounds and smells of flesh burning , Shin then blacked out .	sing_plur	12754
World pressure has made little impact on the junta over the year .	World pressure has made little impact on the junta over the years .	sing_plur	12755
Her own favourites were the chimpanzee .	Her own favourites were the chimpanzees .	sing_plur	12756
Gradually the ritual got more convoluted .	Gradually the rituals got more convoluted .	sing_plur	12758
Clots most commonly form in the deep vein of the legs .	Clots most commonly form in the deep veins of the legs .	sing_plur	12759
The seal came under heavy RPG fire and Seal Danny Dietz was shot .	The seals came under heavy RPG fire and Seal Danny Dietz was shot .	sing_plur	12762
Not even the optimist can save Bolton .	Not even the optimists can save Bolton .	sing_plur	12763
I think the kids are the one telling the truth here .	I think the kids are the ones telling the truth here .	sing_plur	12764
Deer , boar and bear heads adorned the wall .	Deer , boar and bear heads adorned the walls .	sing_plur	12765
The organization that brought the complaint have asked the prosecutor to reconsider .	The organizations that brought the complaint have asked the prosecutor to reconsider .	sing_plur	12766
I 'll come , I 'll get the cat .	I 'll come , I 'll get the cats .	sing_plur	12768
" The target audience is the child , " she told the BBC .	" The target audience is the children , " she told the BBC .	sing_plur	12769
Mitchell said the company will fight the allegation .	Mitchell said the company will fight the allegations .	sing_plur	12770
The hostage all belonged to a Presbyterian church near Seoul .	The hostages all belonged to a Presbyterian church near Seoul .	sing_plur	12773
It did not name the operator .	It did not name the operators .	sing_plur	12774
But no one crossed the limit .	But no one crossed the limits .	sing_plur	12775
The tension eased after Mr. Schwarzenegger was elected .	The tensions eased after Mr. Schwarzenegger was elected .	sing_plur	12778
This year I won the double again .	This year I won the doubles again .	sing_plur	12779
The suspect , wearing handcuffs and leg shackles , made initial court appearances .	The suspects , wearing handcuffs and leg shackles , made initial court appearances .	sing_plur	12780
The team traded first period power-play goals .	The teams traded first period power-play goals .	sing_plur	12782
He also denied he planned to detonate the bomb during the World Cup .	He also denied he planned to detonate the bombs during the World Cup .	sing_plur	12783
And the kid would just come right back .	And the kids would just come right back .	sing_plur	12784
Members of the Awards ' Board selected Stevie winners from among the finalist .	Members of the Awards ' Board selected Stevie winners from among the finalists .	sing_plur	12788
The campaign initially faltered , with Mr. Thompson trailing badly in the poll .	The campaign initially faltered , with Mr. Thompson trailing badly in the polls .	sing_plur	12790
The turboprop represented some 5 percent of SAS 's total fleet .	The turboprops represented some 5 percent of SAS 's total fleet .	sing_plur	12792
He admitted the course may not open all year .	He admitted the courses may not open all year .	sing_plur	12793
In the old day , this is when campaigning actually began .	In the old days , this is when campaigning actually began .	sing_plur	12795
Television directly affects the emotional response of a child .	Television directly affects the emotional responses of a child .	sing_plur	12796
The goal by Neil and Alfredsson came 1 : 40 apart .	The goals by Neil and Alfredsson came 1 : 40 apart .	sing_plur	12797
Council leaders said they hoped they could help resolve the problem .	Council leaders said they hoped they could help resolve the problems .	sing_plur	12798
Before the video surfaced , Del .	Before the videos surfaced , Del .	sing_plur	12799
Each side can even lay claim to the same scientist .	Each side can even lay claim to the same scientists .	sing_plur	12800
The deal made him a leading force in the iron and steel industry .	The deals made him a leading force in the iron and steel industry .	sing_plur	12801
But they expect to make the playoff .	But they expect to make the playoffs .	sing_plur	12802
Islamist leaders stay away from the talk .	Islamist leaders stay away from the talks .	sing_plur	12804
The one who helped me get a job .	The ones who helped me get a job .	sing_plur	12805
Thompson 's advisers say they are unfazed by the negative review .	Thompson 's advisers say they are unfazed by the negative reviews .	sing_plur	12806
It was unclear how the student knew one another , investigators said .	It was unclear how the students knew one another , investigators said .	sing_plur	12807
She said that the flood had done lasting damage .	She said that the floods had done lasting damage .	sing_plur	12809
There was no immediate comment Wednesday from the company .	There was no immediate comment Wednesday from the companies .	sing_plur	12813
Make the street-level facade visually more animated and inviting .	Make the street-level facades visually more animated and inviting .	sing_plur	12814
County commissioners met on Jan. 31 to fill the position .	County commissioners met on Jan. 31 to fill the positions .	sing_plur	12815
And that is unacceptable for the Tomb of the Unknown .	And that is unacceptable for the Tomb of the Unknowns .	sing_plur	12816
The length of the mineralized intervals quoted above are core lengths .	The lengths of the mineralized intervals quoted above are core lengths .	sing_plur	12817
It was to set out the principle for the review .	It was to set out the principles for the review .	sing_plur	12818
In comparison , the problem faced by other oil producers seem almost benign .	In comparison , the problems faced by other oil producers seem almost benign .	sing_plur	12819
I asked the other actor to watch Eve for me .	I asked the other actors to watch Eve for me .	sing_plur	12822
But three years ago the clash began again .	But three years ago the clashes began again .	sing_plur	12825
We saw the replay .	We saw the replays .	sing_plur	12826
They were hardly the only one feeling optimistic .	They were hardly the only ones feeling optimistic .	sing_plur	12827
The Barry Bonds apologists have taken to the street .	The Barry Bonds apologists have taken to the streets .	sing_plur	12831
The view expressed do not necessarily reflect those of United Press International .	The views expressed do not necessarily reflect those of United Press International .	sing_plur	12832
Close has some cautions for the holiday as well .	Close has some cautions for the holidays as well .	sing_plur	12833
Four of the defendant had faced only lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	Four of the defendants had faced only lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	sing_plur	12835
No extra genetic modification was needed to produce the hybrid .	No extra genetic modification was needed to produce the hybrids .	sing_plur	12837
The image and the message did not fade over the year .	The image and the message did not fade over the years .	sing_plur	12838
Kuznetsova figured to be rooting for Williams in the semifinal .	Kuznetsova figured to be rooting for Williams in the semifinals .	sing_plur	12839
He fought the nurse who tried to calm him down .	He fought the nurses who tried to calm him down .	sing_plur	12841
Although carpoolers would get new lanes , opponents are wary of the change .	Although carpoolers would get new lanes , opponents are wary of the changes .	sing_plur	12842
So it probably was the knee .	So it probably was the knees .	sing_plur	12843
" Sometimes I do not have the answer , " he said .	" Sometimes I do not have the answers , " he said .	sing_plur	12844
The share had fallen for five straight days , dropping 23.9 percent .	The shares had fallen for five straight days , dropping 23.9 percent .	sing_plur	12846
The Jayhawk jumped to a 20-6 start and led 39-20 at halftime .	The Jayhawks jumped to a 20-6 start and led 39-20 at halftime .	sing_plur	12849
But there were no such limits in drag racing or on the street .	But there were no such limits in drag racing or on the streets .	sing_plur	12853
However , most evangelicals and charismatics are contained within the older religion .	However , most evangelicals and charismatics are contained within the older religions .	sing_plur	12856
Leaving the child behind too often means heartache .	Leaving the children behind too often means heartache .	sing_plur	12857
" " It was the Rocket against the Bucks .	" " It was the Rockets against the Bucks .	sing_plur	12859
This year , it is the Phillies threatening to make the playoff .	This year , it is the Phillies threatening to make the playoffs .	sing_plur	12860
They upset the top-seeded Bryan brothers in the quarterfinal .	They upset the top-seeded Bryan brothers in the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	12861
The camera cost 17,750 pounds ( $ 35,500 ) .	The cameras cost 17,750 pounds ( $ 35,500 ) .	sing_plur	12862
We are the only one offering resistance .	We are the only ones offering resistance .	sing_plur	12863
In the film , she bravely relives the dark memory of her past .	In the film , she bravely relives the dark memories of her past .	sing_plur	12869
The fighters deny the claim of atrocities .	The fighters deny the claims of atrocities .	sing_plur	12870
Clean the bathroom .	Clean the bathrooms .	sing_plur	12871
A 3km ( 1.9-mile ) protection zone is in place around the farm .	A 3km ( 1.9-mile ) protection zone is in place around the farms .	sing_plur	12873
I looked up at the hill .	I looked up at the hills .	sing_plur	12875
These are the same threat that primordial dwarf Kristin Riley shares .	These are the same threats that primordial dwarf Kristin Riley shares .	sing_plur	12877
Fourth-quarter same-store sales are expected to decline in the low single digit .	Fourth-quarter same-store sales are expected to decline in the low single digits .	sing_plur	12878
These are the absolute worst moment of the game .	These are the absolute worst moments of the game .	sing_plur	12879
The bandage and bloodstains turned out to be a ruse .	The bandages and bloodstains turned out to be a ruse .	sing_plur	12880
That was taken from the boy .	That was taken from the boys .	sing_plur	12881
Officers are trying to establish any links between the incident .	Officers are trying to establish any links between the incidents .	sing_plur	12883
European Commission spokesman Jonathan Todd said there was no link between the case .	European Commission spokesman Jonathan Todd said there was no link between the cases .	sing_plur	12884
The next stage will be the election scheduled for 8 January .	The next stage will be the elections scheduled for 8 January .	sing_plur	12885
He said they would fight the charge .	He said they would fight the charges .	sing_plur	12886
Then , First Marblehead bundled the loan and sold them to investors .	Then , First Marblehead bundled the loans and sold them to investors .	sing_plur	12887
The announcement was made on the sideline of the Venice Film Festival .	The announcement was made on the sidelines of the Venice Film Festival .	sing_plur	12889
This is where the magic start !	This is where the magic starts !	sing_plur	12890
The decision fueled outrage among the Iraqi .	The decision fueled outrage among the Iraqis .	sing_plur	12891
He is strong and fast and hits the hole quick .	He is strong and fast and hits the holes quick .	sing_plur	12892
The worker put on latex hand puppets that resemble adult condors .	The workers put on latex hand puppets that resemble adult condors .	sing_plur	12893
The meerkat did not take any pictures at all .	The meerkats did not take any pictures at all .	sing_plur	12894
James Jones also had 12 points for the Blazer .	James Jones also had 12 points for the Blazers .	sing_plur	12895
The share closed 7.75p higher at 246p .	The shares closed 7.75p higher at 246p .	sing_plur	12897
The cost would be borne by manufacturers or importers .	The costs would be borne by manufacturers or importers .	sing_plur	12898
He was convicted in 2002 of conspiring with the bomber .	He was convicted in 2002 of conspiring with the bombers .	sing_plur	12899
But even some boom-time students think the school overdid it .	But even some boom-time students think the schools overdid it .	sing_plur	12900
Identifying the littlest patient is difficult .	Identifying the littlest patients is difficult .	sing_plur	12901
Here is what the critic thought of the show .	Here is what the critics thought of the show .	sing_plur	12904
He came back as the designated hitter for the AL West leader .	He came back as the designated hitter for the AL West leaders .	sing_plur	12908
So would the Chadian .	So would the Chadians .	sing_plur	12909
Hartsfield is expected to stand trial on the same charge sometime next year .	Hartsfield is expected to stand trial on the same charges sometime next year .	sing_plur	12910
Copies of the report highlighted below are available upon request .	Copies of the reports highlighted below are available upon request .	sing_plur	12911
The resident called the police .	The residents called the police .	sing_plur	12913
I buy local papers and read the obituary .	I buy local papers and read the obituaries .	sing_plur	12914
They were turning up at the corner a bit .	They were turning up at the corners a bit .	sing_plur	12915
The protest continued .	The protests continued .	sing_plur	12918
Disney had no further comment about the picture .	Disney had no further comment about the pictures .	sing_plur	12919
The policy of threatening the Iraqi Kurdish leaders and humiliating them are bankrupt .	The policies of threatening the Iraqi Kurdish leaders and humiliating them are bankrupt .	sing_plur	12921
The datum compiled from local systems is fraught with problems .	The data compiled from local systems is fraught with problems .	sing_plur	12922
Israeli security forces are combing the area for the attacker .	Israeli security forces are combing the area for the attackers .	sing_plur	12923
Over the year it is had one meticulous owner and one crap driver .	Over the years it is had one meticulous owner and one crap driver .	sing_plur	12924
The neighbour and the elderly man all received minor injuries .	The neighbours and the elderly man all received minor injuries .	sing_plur	12925
This winter the humpback will be safe .	This winter the humpbacks will be safe .	sing_plur	12926
The poster will also feature local telephone numbers for advice about alcohol-related problems .	The posters will also feature local telephone numbers for advice about alcohol-related problems .	sing_plur	12927
In the Associated Press poll , Virginia received the 33rd-most vote .	In the Associated Press poll , Virginia received the 33rd-most votes .	sing_plur	12929
It is on us , the player .	It is on us , the players .	sing_plur	12932
As I ate , I considered the porter .	As I ate , I considered the porters .	sing_plur	12934
The Justice Ministry said the pardon would take effect Tuesday .	The Justice Ministry said the pardons would take effect Tuesday .	sing_plur	12935
We watch them grow jaded , more comfortable with breaking the rule .	We watch them grow jaded , more comfortable with breaking the rules .	sing_plur	12936
You can see the bullet-hole in their thick hides .	You can see the bullet-holes in their thick hides .	sing_plur	12938
It did not identify the executive .	It did not identify the executives .	sing_plur	12939
I used the strap from my bra .	I used the straps from my bra .	sing_plur	12940
The officer involved were obviously saddened by Ms. Gotbaum 's death .	The officers involved were obviously saddened by Ms. Gotbaum 's death .	sing_plur	12942
We must listen to the word of the enemy .	We must listen to the words of the enemy .	sing_plur	12945
He believes the state should decide .	He believes the states should decide .	sing_plur	12946
Many , many families blow their budget in the port of call .	Many , many families blow their budget in the ports of call .	sing_plur	12947
The worst bars have the best graffito .	The worst bars have the best graffiti .	sing_plur	12951
Jammers would be needed to secure the field .	Jammers would be needed to secure the fields .	sing_plur	12953
But Michelle Ryan did not instantly win over the producer .	But Michelle Ryan did not instantly win over the producers .	sing_plur	12954
The government says a caretaker government will hold the poll in January .	The government says a caretaker government will hold the polls in January .	sing_plur	12955
They scanned the brain of 43 adults during a conflict test .	They scanned the brains of 43 adults during a conflict test .	sing_plur	12956
The teacher would become angry , and students would taunt him .	The teachers would become angry , and students would taunt him .	sing_plur	12958
The strong wind carried burning embers thousands of feet , starting new fires .	The strong winds carried burning embers thousands of feet , starting new fires .	sing_plur	12959
These particles can get deep into the lung and cause significant health problems .	These particles can get deep into the lungs and cause significant health problems .	sing_plur	12960
The company did not disclose additional financial details .	The companies did not disclose additional financial details .	sing_plur	12962
Josh Boone added 19 points and 13 rebounds for the Net .	Josh Boone added 19 points and 13 rebounds for the Nets .	sing_plur	12963
Of course , when resources run short , then the price goes up .	Of course , when resources run short , then the prices goes up .	sing_plur	12965
This change in the electric field is detected by the sensor .	This change in the electric field is detected by the sensors .	sing_plur	12967
The result showed no huge surprises .	The results showed no huge surprises .	sing_plur	12968
I am not so sure he is selectively choosing the fact .	I am not so sure he is selectively choosing the facts .	sing_plur	12969
The armed intruder tied up employees and took valuables , he said .	The armed intruders tied up employees and took valuables , he said .	sing_plur	12970
The meeting followed Saturday 's 3-0 Division One defeat by Stirling Albion .	The meetings followed Saturday 's 3-0 Division One defeat by Stirling Albion .	sing_plur	12971
The rabbit would be their responsibility .	The rabbits would be their responsibility .	sing_plur	12972
THEY are the eco-town of the future .	THEY are the eco-towns of the future .	sing_plur	12975
Everyone knows the rule .	Everyone knows the rules .	sing_plur	12976
But getting to the playoff might not be so easy .	But getting to the playoffs might not be so easy .	sing_plur	12979
A second official confirmed the finding , the paper said .	A second official confirmed the findings , the paper said .	sing_plur	12981
City officials said their primary concern was the airport .	City officials said their primary concern was the airports .	sing_plur	12983
In the early year of antibiotics , doctors dreamed of eliminating infectious disease .	In the early years of antibiotics , doctors dreamed of eliminating infectious disease .	sing_plur	12984
Until the wheel came off .	Until the wheels came off .	sing_plur	12985
Word of the layoff has been kicking around for months .	Word of the layoffs has been kicking around for months .	sing_plur	12986
The prosecutor general 's office refused to comment on the report .	The prosecutor general 's office refused to comment on the reports .	sing_plur	12987
But there are no laws on the book requiring such notice .	But there are no laws on the books requiring such notice .	sing_plur	12988
In many cases , you may be able to amicably resolve the issue .	In many cases , you may be able to amicably resolve the issues .	sing_plur	12989
It is the teacher .	It is the teachers .	sing_plur	12992
Josh Earnest , a spokesman for Obama , criticized the call .	Josh Earnest , a spokesman for Obama , criticized the calls .	sing_plur	12993
He did not address the legal ramification of his decision .	He did not address the legal ramifications of his decision .	sing_plur	12995
Mr Hamilton spoke only to confirm he understood the charge .	Mr Hamilton spoke only to confirm he understood the charges .	sing_plur	12996
They tussle over the spoil of one-party rule .	They tussle over the spoils of one-party rule .	sing_plur	12997
He punctuated the exchange with belly laughs .	He punctuated the exchanges with belly laughs .	sing_plur	12998
The rule of engagement could not be more broadly drawn .	The rules of engagement could not be more broadly drawn .	sing_plur	13001
For now what Balderama is doing is struggling to make the payment .	For now what Balderama is doing is struggling to make the payments .	sing_plur	13004
The germ could not get sticky enough .	The germs could not get sticky enough .	sing_plur	13006
Martin Bavidge missed a penalty for the visitor .	Martin Bavidge missed a penalty for the visitors .	sing_plur	13007
Yushchenko won the fresh poll and launched a pro-Western administration .	Yushchenko won the fresh polls and launched a pro-Western administration .	sing_plur	13008
The film consists entirely of interviews with the astronaut .	The film consists entirely of interviews with the astronauts .	sing_plur	13009
The new player could earn a combined $ 13.7 million this season .	The new players could earn a combined $ 13.7 million this season .	sing_plur	13010
The small change can affect plants and pets alike .	The small changes can affect plants and pets alike .	sing_plur	13012
It contributed to the death of nearly 4,000 people last year .	It contributed to the deaths of nearly 4,000 people last year .	sing_plur	13013
Iraqi officials were trying to identify the body and notify families .	Iraqi officials were trying to identify the bodies and notify families .	sing_plur	13014
Try the new fad elsewhere .	Try the new fads elsewhere .	sing_plur	13016
The clock quickly found their way into the Trash .	The clocks quickly found their way into the Trash .	sing_plur	13018
The official said Ashdown could be in place by spring .	The officials said Ashdown could be in place by spring .	sing_plur	13019
President Hamid Karzai confirmed the death of five lawmakers .	President Hamid Karzai confirmed the deaths of five lawmakers .	sing_plur	13023
The bolder man would jeer and bait the soldiers .	The bolder men would jeer and bait the soldiers .	sing_plur	13024
Ms. Bellanca said , gazing fondly at the woman .	Ms. Bellanca said , gazing fondly at the women .	sing_plur	13027
The first BCS standing will be released Oct. 14 .	The first BCS standings will be released Oct. 14 .	sing_plur	13029
Russia has rejected the claim and expelled three Georgian diplomats .	Russia has rejected the claims and expelled three Georgian diplomats .	sing_plur	13030
The kid hooted and hollered and generally made merry .	The kids hooted and hollered and generally made merry .	sing_plur	13032
These inflated costs only benefit the broker .	These inflated costs only benefit the brokers .	sing_plur	13033
The military had no immediate response to the claim .	The military had no immediate response to the claims .	sing_plur	13034
We have got the minister of Iraq being involved with this .	We have got the ministers of Iraq being involved with this .	sing_plur	13035
... I want the tourist to come back .	... I want the tourists to come back .	sing_plur	13036
The figure emerged in a parliamentary written answer from Justice Minister David Hanson .	The figures emerged in a parliamentary written answer from Justice Minister David Hanson .	sing_plur	13037
But do not forget about the unsung Englishman of F1 .	But do not forget about the unsung Englishmen of F1 .	sing_plur	13038
It took the life of ordinary people mostly .	It took the lives of ordinary people mostly .	sing_plur	13039
The blast came after a day of huge emotion .	The blasts came after a day of huge emotion .	sing_plur	13040
Independent stem cell experts hailed the study as highly important .	Independent stem cell experts hailed the studies as highly important .	sing_plur	13041
That is true of the college in our top 10 .	That is true of the colleges in our top 10 .	sing_plur	13044
The best shot failed .	The best shots failed .	sing_plur	13046
Even more importantly , it laid out the known facts in the bombing .	Even more importantly , it laid out the known facts in the bombings .	sing_plur	13048
Programming has got worse and worse over the year .	Programming has got worse and worse over the years .	sing_plur	13049
His government wants to exploit commercial and medicinal uses for the leaf .	His government wants to exploit commercial and medicinal uses for the leaves .	sing_plur	13050
The body of the woman was found in the early hour of Saturday .	The body of the woman was found in the early hours of Saturday .	sing_plur	13051
Oil gave up the gain of an earlier rally .	Oil gave up the gains of an earlier rally .	sing_plur	13052
And fat , which comes from ducts in the eyelid .	And fat , which comes from ducts in the eyelids .	sing_plur	13055
But watch them turn out for the badger .	But watch them turn out for the badgers .	sing_plur	13057
We even drove on some of the same street .	We even drove on some of the same streets .	sing_plur	13058
The only problem was , no one had opened the can .	The only problem was , no one had opened the cans .	sing_plur	13059
The attacker had not been identified , the news agency said .	The attackers had not been identified , the news agency said .	sing_plur	13060
The camera would be installed in Gateshead 's hackney and private hire vehicles .	The cameras would be installed in Gateshead 's hackney and private hire vehicles .	sing_plur	13061
They take up the seat on January 1st .	They take up the seats on January 1st .	sing_plur	13062
We stay living together for the kid .	We stay living together for the kids .	sing_plur	13063
He is not prohibited from receiving prize money from the championship .	He is not prohibited from receiving prize money from the championships .	sing_plur	13064
There is no help yet available for the stricken seal .	There is no help yet available for the stricken seals .	sing_plur	13065
We served to help Britain meet the great challenge of our time .	We served to help Britain meet the great challenges of our time .	sing_plur	13067
They outscored the Bear 27-0 in the fourth quarter .	They outscored the Bears 27-0 in the fourth quarter .	sing_plur	13069
The fate of the Burmese junta is written in the star .	The fate of the Burmese junta is written in the stars .	sing_plur	13070
We are waiting for the document .	We are waiting for the documents .	sing_plur	13071
The former chief justice has denied the allegation .	The former chief justice has denied the allegations .	sing_plur	13072
This year , Stitt is competing with Matt Hughes in the double scull .	This year , Stitt is competing with Matt Hughes in the double sculls .	sing_plur	13073
Power , wealth and weapons are in the hand of the people .	Power , wealth and weapons are in the hands of the people .	sing_plur	13076
My database covers 11 of the largest wholesale lender .	My database covers 11 of the largest wholesale lenders .	sing_plur	13077
The organiser described the stunt as non-violent .	The organisers described the stunt as non-violent .	sing_plur	13078
In the man 's all-around , American Jonathan Horton finished a surprising fourth .	In the men 's all-around , American Jonathan Horton finished a surprising fourth .	sing_plur	13079
The service will be formally launched on Monday .	The services will be formally launched on Monday .	sing_plur	13080
The story and anecdotal evidence confirming job misery are overwhelming .	The stories and anecdotal evidence confirming job misery are overwhelming .	sing_plur	13081
Each of the nominee achieves " firsts " in specific ways .	Each of the nominees achieves " firsts " in specific ways .	sing_plur	13083
The Red won the season series 9-7 .	The Reds won the season series 9-7 .	sing_plur	13085
It was approved by voters but later overturned by the court .	It was approved by voters but later overturned by the courts .	sing_plur	13086
He is selling himself as the only genuine conservative among the Republican front-runner .	He is selling himself as the only genuine conservative among the Republican front-runners .	sing_plur	13088
This year 's rainfall statistics were not available for the area .	This year 's rainfall statistics were not available for the areas .	sing_plur	13089
High-level government sources said the worker had been rescued .	High-level government sources said the workers had been rescued .	sing_plur	13090
We are the master of the quick quip and the endless sigh .	We are the masters of the quick quip and the endless sigh .	sing_plur	13091
She gave me a swift kick under the cover .	She gave me a swift kick under the covers .	sing_plur	13095
Lou sets the jar into a trash bag .	Lou sets the jars into a trash bag .	sing_plur	13096
Iran has denied the charge .	Iran has denied the charges .	sing_plur	13098
I wish I had more time with the student .	I wish I had more time with the students .	sing_plur	13100
The ramification could be wide-ranging , he said .	The ramifications could be wide-ranging , he said .	sing_plur	13101
The technical demand of his sport demand it .	The technical demands of his sport demand it .	sing_plur	13103
The grower had used workers supplied by the contractor .	The growers had used workers supplied by the contractor .	sing_plur	13106
However , by the time the police arrived , the thief had left .	However , by the time the police arrived , the thieves had left .	sing_plur	13107
He also brought Pete Tong to the airwave .	He also brought Pete Tong to the airwaves .	sing_plur	13108
" My message to the fan is ' Support your team ' .	" My message to the fans is ' Support your team ' .	sing_plur	13109
Medellin was arrested a few days after the killing .	Medellin was arrested a few days after the killings .	sing_plur	13110
Stacy London and David Perley are the executive producer for BBC .	Stacy London and David Perley are the executive producers for BBC .	sing_plur	13111
He spoke the language , knew the local custom .	He spoke the language , knew the local customs .	sing_plur	13112
I was not really thinking about the critical reaction to the book .	I was not really thinking about the critical reaction to the books .	sing_plur	13113
Engineers are trying to inspect the edge of the tunnel .	Engineers are trying to inspect the edges of the tunnel .	sing_plur	13114
But the bacterium does thrive in locker rooms and gymnasiums , he said .	But the bacteria does thrive in locker rooms and gymnasiums , he said .	sing_plur	13117
The insurgent attacked the patrol near Kandahar city Wednesday , the statement said .	The insurgents attacked the patrol near Kandahar city Wednesday , the statement said .	sing_plur	13119
Finally the month of casting speculation are over .	Finally the months of casting speculation are over .	sing_plur	13121
Wall Street had been expecting the number to fall to about 340,000 .	Wall Street had been expecting the numbers to fall to about 340,000 .	sing_plur	13122
The worst part here is the rumor .	The worst part here is the rumors .	sing_plur	13125
The chicken came home to roost , and the bank foreclosed .	The chickens came home to roost , and the bank foreclosed .	sing_plur	13127
Detroit , Ottawa and Boston are the other .	Detroit , Ottawa and Boston are the others .	sing_plur	13128
It is also about even the legitimate Olympian .	It is also about even the legitimate Olympians .	sing_plur	13130
We dated for the next several month .	We dated for the next several months .	sing_plur	13135
U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III has yet to rule on the motion .	U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III has yet to rule on the motions .	sing_plur	13136
The datum will also appear in the journal Science .	The data will also appear in the journal Science .	sing_plur	13138
I could not make decisions about the smallest thing .	I could not make decisions about the smallest things .	sing_plur	13143
It is long past time to allot the fund to fix it .	It is long past time to allot the funds to fix it .	sing_plur	13144
" Look at the road , " she told reporters .	" Look at the roads , " she told reporters .	sing_plur	13145
He warned the cut would cause widespread hardship in impoverished Gaza .	He warned the cuts would cause widespread hardship in impoverished Gaza .	sing_plur	13147
There was no immediate explanation for the different number of suspects .	There was no immediate explanation for the different numbers of suspects .	sing_plur	13148
The winning author will share  15 , 000 of prize money .	The winning authors will share  15 , 000 of prize money .	sing_plur	13149
Both rates are about double the adult rate .	Both rates are about double the adult rates .	sing_plur	13150
That could be a disadvantage in the poll .	That could be a disadvantage in the polls .	sing_plur	13154
I stayed in the country all through the war with Israel .	I stayed in the country all through the wars with Israel .	sing_plur	13155
Out went the dive , in came the decorators .	Out went the dives , in came the decorators .	sing_plur	13156
He suspected the elephant fell prey to foreign hunters .	He suspected the elephants fell prey to foreign hunters .	sing_plur	13158
I did not think we played badly in the match .	I did not think we played badly in the matches .	sing_plur	13159
He talks around the edge .	He talks around the edges .	sing_plur	13161
Chef Stratta creates seasonal menus inspired by the flavor of France .	Chef Stratta creates seasonal menus inspired by the flavors of France .	sing_plur	13162
The man 's event begins with qualifying on Monday .	The men 's event begins with qualifying on Monday .	sing_plur	13163
It also seemed to be a battle of the generation .	It also seemed to be a battle of the generations .	sing_plur	13166
MediaRecall scales to meet the need of its customers .	MediaRecall scales to meet the needs of its customers .	sing_plur	13167
The public bus could run all day before needing refueling .	The public buses could run all day before needing refueling .	sing_plur	13169
Those are the toughest game you 'll play all year .	Those are the toughest games you 'll play all year .	sing_plur	13171
He then threatened to shoot the goat , according to the complaint .	He then threatened to shoot the goats , according to the complaint .	sing_plur	13172
Damascus has denied involvement in the assassination .	Damascus has denied involvement in the assassinations .	sing_plur	13173
It features the voice of singers Jamelia , Justin Hawkins and Chico .	It features the voices of singers Jamelia , Justin Hawkins and Chico .	sing_plur	13175
He also had an eye for the lady .	He also had an eye for the ladies .	sing_plur	13176
In November came the headline of $ 100 a barrel .	In November came the headlines of $ 100 a barrel .	sing_plur	13177
Independent candidates loyal to the king win two-thirds of the seat .	Independent candidates loyal to the king win two-thirds of the seats .	sing_plur	13179
The event energized the Cowboys more than the Giants .	The events energized the Cowboys more than the Giants .	sing_plur	13180
Then the reading of the name resumed .	Then the reading of the names resumed .	sing_plur	13182
Those guys are the one who can afford this sweater .	Those guys are the ones who can afford this sweater .	sing_plur	13183
And they hear the angry voice .	And they hear the angry voices .	sing_plur	13185
The case was adjourned to allow the magistrate to visit the site .	The case was adjourned to allow the magistrates to visit the site .	sing_plur	13187
Their candidacies also rely upon finishing strong in the early state .	Their candidacies also rely upon finishing strong in the early states .	sing_plur	13190
" I think they are voting for the candidate , " she said .	" I think they are voting for the candidates , " she said .	sing_plur	13191
They were included in the chart below .	They were included in the charts below .	sing_plur	13194
I thought that was neat and returned the good wish .	I thought that was neat and returned the good wishes .	sing_plur	13195
Dobrich would not describe the alleged violation .	Dobrich would not describe the alleged violations .	sing_plur	13197
Performing cockroaches figured prominently in the tale .	Performing cockroaches figured prominently in the tales .	sing_plur	13198
The plan immediately ran into opposition from Germany .	The plans immediately ran into opposition from Germany .	sing_plur	13199
I am hoping to see some of the dancer .	I am hoping to see some of the dancers .	sing_plur	13200
Gone , too , are the gigolo .	Gone , too , are the gigolos .	sing_plur	13201
The word spoke of quarries , forests , tapestries and flowers .	The words spoke of quarries , forests , tapestries and flowers .	sing_plur	13202
Israel closed the passage after Hamas ' takeover of Gaza .	Israel closed the passages after Hamas ' takeover of Gaza .	sing_plur	13203
Trigeiro loves the horse , too .	Trigeiro loves the horses , too .	sing_plur	13206
Two of the Afghan soldier died .	Two of the Afghan soldiers died .	sing_plur	13207
No injuries were reported in the explosion .	No injuries were reported in the explosions .	sing_plur	13209
I listened to the doctor .	I listened to the doctors .	sing_plur	13211
Tressel ran down the sideline behind Robiskie with both arms raised triumphantly .	Tressel ran down the sidelines behind Robiskie with both arms raised triumphantly .	sing_plur	13212
" Hopefully they ( the fan ) will understand , " he said .	" Hopefully they ( the fans ) will understand , " he said .	sing_plur	13214
And whether the demonstration will endure remains to be seen .	And whether the demonstrations will endure remains to be seen .	sing_plur	13216
We hope to attain even higher rankings in the year to come .	We hope to attain even higher rankings in the years to come .	sing_plur	13217
I can see another battering on the card .	I can see another battering on the cards .	sing_plur	13220
A scan called a coronary angiogram is performed which shows-up the significant narrowing .	A scan called a coronary angiogram is performed which shows-up the significant narrowings .	sing_plur	13221
The teacher realized that not everyone accurately heard the instructions .	The teachers realized that not everyone accurately heard the instructions .	sing_plur	13222
Local residents said sporadic fighting was continuing in the area between the faction .	Local residents said sporadic fighting was continuing in the area between the factions .	sing_plur	13224
However , the proposal announced by Darling are inexplicable .	However , the proposals announced by Darling are inexplicable .	sing_plur	13226
The official declined to say whether the raid was connected to the attack .	The officials declined to say whether the raid was connected to the attack .	sing_plur	13227
Due to various concerns , Scheinin recommended the abolition of the commission .	Due to various concerns , Scheinin recommended the abolition of the commissions .	sing_plur	13228
The six all around from the judges seemed about right .	The sixes all around from the judges seemed about right .	sing_plur	13229
The fan cheered wildly for him as he left the field .	The fans cheered wildly for him as he left the field .	sing_plur	13233
It remains unclear when the sanction would go into effect .	It remains unclear when the sanctions would go into effect .	sing_plur	13235
He scheduled a Cabinet meeting Sunday morning to discuss the incident .	He scheduled a Cabinet meeting Sunday morning to discuss the incidents .	sing_plur	13236
The trade statistics bear out the fact .	The trade statistics bear out the facts .	sing_plur	13238
That discovery has fired up the critic all over again .	That discovery has fired up the critics all over again .	sing_plur	13241
He did not participate because he was afraid of the soldier .	He did not participate because he was afraid of the soldiers .	sing_plur	13244
There is been a shift in the balance of power between the gender .	There is been a shift in the balance of power between the genders .	sing_plur	13245
Yet still the publishing houses queue up for the book .	Yet still the publishing houses queue up for the books .	sing_plur	13246
Show the flaw to the seller .	Show the flaws to the seller .	sing_plur	13248
And their victories went beyond the judgment of the Supreme Court .	And their victories went beyond the judgments of the Supreme Court .	sing_plur	13249
Both countries deny the accusation .	Both countries deny the accusations .	sing_plur	13250
The seat , steering wheel and leather shift boot feature contrasting stitching .	The seats , steering wheel and leather shift boot feature contrasting stitching .	sing_plur	13251
Many state business leaders remain supportive of the new tax .	Many state business leaders remain supportive of the new taxes .	sing_plur	13252
The year passed .	The years passed .	sing_plur	13253
The kid knew that there were consequences .	The kids knew that there were consequences .	sing_plur	13254
The bond only partially offsets those losses .	The bonds only partially offsets those losses .	sing_plur	13255
Veteran " Microsofties " have noticed the change .	Veteran " Microsofties " have noticed the changes .	sing_plur	13256
TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber welcomed the plan .	TUC General Secretary Brendan Barber welcomed the plans .	sing_plur	13257
The benefit can include access to teachers , lessons and classrooms .	The benefits can include access to teachers , lessons and classrooms .	sing_plur	13258
Now we are beginning to upset the big guy .	Now we are beginning to upset the big guys .	sing_plur	13259
So hopefully the possibility can be bigger .	So hopefully the possibilities can be bigger .	sing_plur	13260
The other panelist responded to Mr. Gourevitch 's arguments .	The other panelists responded to Mr. Gourevitch 's arguments .	sing_plur	13262
Stepney has denied the accusation against him .	Stepney has denied the accusations against him .	sing_plur	13263
I believe the meeting served the desired objective .	I believe the meetings served the desired objective .	sing_plur	13264
These videos draw smaller but infinitely more voluble audiences than the dumb show .	These videos draw smaller but infinitely more voluble audiences than the dumb shows .	sing_plur	13267
What is behind the trend .	What is behind the trends .	sing_plur	13268
Their spokesman , Clarence Mitchell , has issued a response to the allegation .	Their spokesman , Clarence Mitchell , has issued a response to the allegations .	sing_plur	13269
Burhan B. largely admitted to the accusation and apologized .	Burhan B. largely admitted to the accusations and apologized .	sing_plur	13271
" Absolutely no Spanish or Mexicans , " said the sign .	" Absolutely no Spanish or Mexicans , " said the signs .	sing_plur	13274
Science is ultimately about observing effects and working backward to establish the cause .	Science is ultimately about observing effects and working backward to establish the causes .	sing_plur	13275
Mr. Lawrence declined to elaborate on the charge .	Mr. Lawrence declined to elaborate on the charges .	sing_plur	13276
The medium got a week-and-a-half head start on speculation .	The media got a week-and-a-half head start on speculation .	sing_plur	13277
But we are starving the people , not the general .	But we are starving the people , not the generals .	sing_plur	13278
But the talk broke off Wednesday .	But the talks broke off Wednesday .	sing_plur	13279
Police said there were reports of women and children among the casualty .	Police said there were reports of women and children among the casualties .	sing_plur	13283
Both Simeone Associates and Carnevale Associates are listed on the document .	Both Simeone Associates and Carnevale Associates are listed on the documents .	sing_plur	13285
Well , the mover moved six years ago .	Well , the movers moved six years ago .	sing_plur	13286
Reasons for the delay Technical glitches contributed to the delay .	Reasons for the delay Technical glitches contributed to the delays .	sing_plur	13288
Not all head teachers are opposed to the plan , however .	Not all head teachers are opposed to the plans , however .	sing_plur	13289
The Red Cross facilitated the previous talk .	The Red Cross facilitated the previous talks .	sing_plur	13291
And you are disrespectful of the right of other people .	And you are disrespectful of the rights of other people .	sing_plur	13292
The child 's gasoline burn bill is H.R. 814 .	The children 's gasoline burn bill is H.R. 814 .	sing_plur	13295
Instead , the biographical note simply ignores the complexity .	Instead , the biographical note simply ignores the complexities .	sing_plur	13296
Criminal proceedings will be instituted against the responsible person .	Criminal proceedings will be instituted against the responsible persons .	sing_plur	13297
At the next level down are the bylaw .	At the next level down are the bylaws .	sing_plur	13299
I want to raise the stake .	I want to raise the stakes .	sing_plur	13300
There is no telling where the fire will move and when .	There is no telling where the fires will move and when .	sing_plur	13301
She lost her leg in 1999 in the field .	She lost her leg in 1999 in the fields .	sing_plur	13302
It is happening too late and it is insulting for the victim .	It is happening too late and it is insulting for the victims .	sing_plur	13303
The phenomenon is rare , the study noted .	The phenomenon is rare , the studies noted .	sing_plur	13304
But the studios refuse to apply the same rule to the Internet .	But the studios refuse to apply the same rules to the Internet .	sing_plur	13305
It is close to transition point on the terminal .	It is close to transition point on the terminals .	sing_plur	13306
For the actor , that adds an element of the unknown .	For the actors , that adds an element of the unknown .	sing_plur	13307
The bike can be bought online for about  1,200 .	The bikes can be bought online for about  1,200 .	sing_plur	13308
Mr. Giordani is not available for the uncast performance .	Mr. Giordani is not available for the uncast performances .	sing_plur	13311
Training requires an intimate knowledge and close bond with the bird .	Training requires an intimate knowledge and close bond with the birds .	sing_plur	13312
The top come off when the promotion ends October 21 .	The tops come off when the promotion ends October 21 .	sing_plur	13313
Honeywell , Datron and Goddard helped to design the antenna .	Honeywell , Datron and Goddard helped to design the antennas .	sing_plur	13315
Everyone 's happy and it keeps the politician at bay .	Everyone 's happy and it keeps the politicians at bay .	sing_plur	13318
Close these corporate loopholes the lobbyist put in .	Close these corporate loopholes the lobbyists put in .	sing_plur	13319
We are prepared to execute the contract the party signed in April .	We are prepared to execute the contract the parties signed in April .	sing_plur	13320
But someday people will hike through the canyon of Mars .	But someday people will hike through the canyons of Mars .	sing_plur	13323
Whenever the wind surged it fanned the flame .	Whenever the wind surged it fanned the flames .	sing_plur	13324
My house is not far from where the blast occurred .	My house is not far from where the blasts occurred .	sing_plur	13325
But there would be an outcry from the new loser .	But there would be an outcry from the new losers .	sing_plur	13326
The scooter could then be stacked and recharged .	The scooters could then be stacked and recharged .	sing_plur	13327
He said the manual also included details of guerrilla-style war operations .	He said the manuals also included details of guerrilla-style war operations .	sing_plur	13328
Gordon said he would allow two people to observe the witness .	Gordon said he would allow two people to observe the witnesses .	sing_plur	13329
The absence of leaks coming out of Israel lends credence to the report .	The absence of leaks coming out of Israel lends credence to the reports .	sing_plur	13330
Residents have until 13 November to have their say on the proposal .	Residents have until 13 November to have their say on the proposals .	sing_plur	13331
The guy I met told me they come here seven days a week .	The guys I met told me they come here seven days a week .	sing_plur	13332
I 'll spare you the detail .	I 'll spare you the details .	sing_plur	13333
Twice thieves climbed inside and stole the few valuable thing she owned .	Twice thieves climbed inside and stole the few valuable things she owned .	sing_plur	13334
To make the cake : Preheat oven to 350 degrees .	To make the cakes : Preheat oven to 350 degrees .	sing_plur	13335
People inside the mall ran toward the exit when the blast went off .	People inside the mall ran toward the exits when the blast went off .	sing_plur	13337
We work hard to defend the right of licensed professionals .	We work hard to defend the rights of licensed professionals .	sing_plur	13338
Police reported no injuries from their actions to disperse the protester .	Police reported no injuries from their actions to disperse the protesters .	sing_plur	13340
His accomplishments , however , may have transcended the number .	His accomplishments , however , may have transcended the numbers .	sing_plur	13341
I would not call that a drag on the Red .	I would not call that a drag on the Reds .	sing_plur	13342
A religious conservative , General Zia did not promote the art .	A religious conservative , General Zia did not promote the arts .	sing_plur	13343
Sure , they saw the crutch .	Sure , they saw the crutches .	sing_plur	13345
The junta also sought to discredit the monk .	The junta also sought to discredit the monks .	sing_plur	13347
And then there are the restive university .	And then there are the restive universities .	sing_plur	13348
The passenger turned to each other .	The passengers turned to each other .	sing_plur	13349
He has not yet been sentenced for the offence .	He has not yet been sentenced for the offences .	sing_plur	13351
You look at the magazine .	You look at the magazines .	sing_plur	13352
The results were devastating for the young parent .	The results were devastating for the young parents .	sing_plur	13354
Damp washing hangs looped between the tree .	Damp washing hangs looped between the trees .	sing_plur	13356
The effectiveness of the sign appears mixed .	The effectiveness of the signs appears mixed .	sing_plur	13358
We will also need the skill of migrant workers as well .	We will also need the skills of migrant workers as well .	sing_plur	13359
Right was selling on the merit .	Right was selling on the merits .	sing_plur	13363
This means the blue chip .	This means the blue chips .	sing_plur	13364
The event was closed to the medium .	The event was closed to the media .	sing_plur	13366
And the prison 's poor acoustics garbled many of the line .	And the prison 's poor acoustics garbled many of the lines .	sing_plur	13367
But even the Edwards cannot read their incomprehensible medical bills .	But even the Edwardses cannot read their incomprehensible medical bills .	sing_plur	13368
Naturally , the skeptics outnumber the fan .	Naturally , the skeptics outnumber the fans .	sing_plur	13370
The winner received a bronze statue and $ 10,000 .	The winners received a bronze statue and $ 10,000 .	sing_plur	13373
Walchhofer still holds a 230-204 lead over Cuche in the downhill standing .	Walchhofer still holds a 230-204 lead over Cuche in the downhill standings .	sing_plur	13374
The Ivy and all other major universities did that , too .	The Ivies and all other major universities did that , too .	sing_plur	13375
The charge would bring stiff penalties for the suspects if they are convicted .	The charges would bring stiff penalties for the suspects if they are convicted .	sing_plur	13376
They just want the bed .	They just want the beds .	sing_plur	13377
Dredge the cutlet .	Dredge the cutlets .	sing_plur	13378
Mr. Truong denied the accusation .	Mr. Truong denied the accusations .	sing_plur	13381
Police arrived in strength to disperse the demonstrator .	Police arrived in strength to disperse the demonstrators .	sing_plur	13382
She was wrong on both the fact and the law .	She was wrong on both the facts and the law .	sing_plur	13385
It is the politicians who are making the problem .	It is the politicians who are making the problems .	sing_plur	13386
Thousands more then took to the street demanding an apology from the government .	Thousands more then took to the streets demanding an apology from the government .	sing_plur	13387
So it is not Dugas 's fault , nor the Haitian .	So it is not Dugas 's fault , nor the Haitians .	sing_plur	13389
But he said the waves were still worth the risk .	But he said the waves were still worth the risks .	sing_plur	13390
, were sympathetic to the writer .	, were sympathetic to the writers .	sing_plur	13391
2001 April - Parliament passes a bill increasing the right of indigenous people .	2001 April - Parliament passes a bill increasing the rights of indigenous people .	sing_plur	13392
The other executed well and I thank God for everything .	The others executed well and I thank God for everything .	sing_plur	13393
This must be dealt with by the authority .	This must be dealt with by the authorities .	sing_plur	13394
Tobacco firms are wriggling around the new restriction .	Tobacco firms are wriggling around the new restrictions .	sing_plur	13398
The vehicle did not touch and nobody was hurt .	The vehicles did not touch and nobody was hurt .	sing_plur	13399
The sign had been bad from the start .	The signs had been bad from the start .	sing_plur	13400
Sometimes we laugh about the danger .	Sometimes we laugh about the dangers .	sing_plur	13401
One more loss or a Yankees win would eliminate Detroit from the playoff .	One more loss or a Yankees win would eliminate Detroit from the playoffs .	sing_plur	13402
It has broken her heart and the heart of my children .	It has broken her heart and the hearts of my children .	sing_plur	13403
The vessel freed on Sunday were seized May 15 off Somalia .	The vessels freed on Sunday were seized May 15 off Somalia .	sing_plur	13404
He had been 0-for-2 in the major .	He had been 0-for-2 in the majors .	sing_plur	13405
But it is the holiday .	But it is the holidays .	sing_plur	13407
But he said talks about the plan would continue .	But he said talks about the plans would continue .	sing_plur	13408
Now more than a thousand are receiving the lifesaving drug .	Now more than a thousand are receiving the lifesaving drugs .	sing_plur	13411
On the upper-grade floor , students ran freely through the hallways .	On the upper-grade floors , students ran freely through the hallways .	sing_plur	13412
They go to the beach , the mountains .	They go to the beaches , the mountains .	sing_plur	13413
The man will receive a summons to appear before a federal magistrate .	The men will receive a summons to appear before a federal magistrate .	sing_plur	13414
In school , the German child 's diligence posed a challenge .	In school , the German children 's diligence posed a challenge .	sing_plur	13415
The point that President Bollinger made were fine .	The points that President Bollinger made were fine .	sing_plur	13417
Most of the media are completely dependent on the authority .	Most of the media are completely dependent on the authorities .	sing_plur	13418
It was putting the interest of prospective parents above the child .	It was putting the interests of prospective parents above the child .	sing_plur	13420
The horror of the crash will stay with me forever .	The horrors of the crash will stay with me forever .	sing_plur	13421
That would be a problem for the writer .	That would be a problem for the writers .	sing_plur	13422
Police have declined comment on the report .	Police have declined comment on the reports .	sing_plur	13424
Politicians tend to prefer cap-and-trade because it obscures the cost .	Politicians tend to prefer cap-and-trade because it obscures the costs .	sing_plur	13425
But it cannot be just left to a bail-out for the bank .	But it cannot be just left to a bail-out for the banks .	sing_plur	13426
We keep the street dirty in its name .	We keep the streets dirty in its name .	sing_plur	13427
And , now , they continue to fund the program .	And , now , they continue to fund the programs .	sing_plur	13428
Then , they ignore the finding of the study .	Then , they ignore the findings of the study .	sing_plur	13430
He declined to describe the nature of the contact .	He declined to describe the nature of the contacts .	sing_plur	13432
Then , there is the issue of the nuke .	Then , there is the issue of the nukes .	sing_plur	13434
No , that is just the monthly breakdown .	No , that is just the monthly breakdowns .	sing_plur	13435
A 50-year lease term applies to all of the unit .	A 50-year lease term applies to all of the units .	sing_plur	13436
We are going back to the dark age of dentistry .	We are going back to the dark ages of dentistry .	sing_plur	13437
They said the next move was up to the studio .	They said the next move was up to the studios .	sing_plur	13438
Harris gets the tenor of the time right .	Harris gets the tenor of the times right .	sing_plur	13440
It is also likely that this war could leave the deepest scar .	It is also likely that this war could leave the deepest scars .	sing_plur	13442
The victim had just cleaned up a mud-covered home .	The victims had just cleaned up a mud-covered home .	sing_plur	13445
The PUK captures the town of Shaqlawah and Chamchamal from the KDP .	The PUK captures the towns of Shaqlawah and Chamchamal from the KDP .	sing_plur	13447
An official from English Heritage was among the test-taker .	An official from English Heritage was among the test-takers .	sing_plur	13448
" " We are just trying to save the building .	" " We are just trying to save the buildings .	sing_plur	13450
The Rangel provision would restore the statute of limitations in the island .	The Rangel provision would restore the statute of limitations in the islands .	sing_plur	13452
CMC will be notified today of the charge .	CMC will be notified today of the charges .	sing_plur	13453
In these championships , he played most of the board .	In these championships , he played most of the boards .	sing_plur	13454
The devil is the detail .	The devil is the details .	sing_plur	13458
Iraqi soldiers arrived minutes later and made the arrest .	Iraqi soldiers arrived minutes later and made the arrests .	sing_plur	13459
Inheritance tax has a talismanic status massively out of proportion to the statistic .	Inheritance tax has a talismanic status massively out of proportion to the statistics .	sing_plur	13460
Another geographical change did not change the culprit .	Another geographical change did not change the culprits .	sing_plur	13461
It is just hard on the employee and on customers .	It is just hard on the employees and on customers .	sing_plur	13462
They want to hear the star .	They want to hear the stars .	sing_plur	13463
The jet landed safely thanks to experienced pilots , the Newsweek Polska reported .	The jets landed safely thanks to experienced pilots , the Newsweek Polska reported .	sing_plur	13464
The parent of Carlos Souza Jr. said the zoo should have done more .	The parents of Carlos Souza Jr. said the zoo should have done more .	sing_plur	13465
I believe even in the need to toughen the sanction .	I believe even in the need to toughen the sanctions .	sing_plur	13466
The guerrilla denied the report .	The guerrillas denied the report .	sing_plur	13467
Mr Saakashvili rejects the charge and has refused to quit .	Mr Saakashvili rejects the charges and has refused to quit .	sing_plur	13469
West apologized for the problem and promised to look into them .	West apologized for the problems and promised to look into them .	sing_plur	13470
It also says that Discovery Stocks can trade in the share .	It also says that Discovery Stocks can trade in the shares .	sing_plur	13471
The law does not meet the intention of the parliament .	The law does not meet the intentions of the parliament .	sing_plur	13472
Then came the question .	Then came the questions .	sing_plur	13473
Both figures were the biggest increase since September 2005 .	Both figures were the biggest increases since September 2005 .	sing_plur	13476
But Erekat said there were " serious problems " in the preparation .	But Erekat said there were " serious problems " in the preparations .	sing_plur	13477
An estimated 500,000 people are affected by the flood in Uganda .	An estimated 500,000 people are affected by the floods in Uganda .	sing_plur	13478
The critic characterized any street closings in Brooklyn as potentially disastrous .	The critics characterized any street closings in Brooklyn as potentially disastrous .	sing_plur	13479
The player will continue accepting shoes through Oct. 15 .	The players will continue accepting shoes through Oct. 15 .	sing_plur	13480
I know how much liquor is in the cabinet !	I know how much liquor is in the cabinets !	sing_plur	13482
The senator , bless them , suffered no such loss for words .	The senators , bless them , suffered no such loss for words .	sing_plur	13484
The New York City district attorney has launched an investigation of the allegation .	The New York City district attorney has launched an investigation of the allegations .	sing_plur	13485
At least nine people were killed in the tremor .	At least nine people were killed in the tremors .	sing_plur	13487
In the beginning , my editors wrote the question .	In the beginning , my editors wrote the questions .	sing_plur	13488
The U.S. Institute of Peace ran the Baker-Hamilton report and assembled the expert .	The U.S. Institute of Peace ran the Baker-Hamilton report and assembled the experts .	sing_plur	13489
The video advertised on Islamist Web sites often appear hours or days later .	The videos advertised on Islamist Web sites often appear hours or days later .	sing_plur	13491
He was mathematically eliminated from any chance of reaching the semifinal .	He was mathematically eliminated from any chance of reaching the semifinals .	sing_plur	13493
Others showed children who were hung from the wrist .	Others showed children who were hung from the wrists .	sing_plur	13495
Data is listed in the accompanying table .	Data is listed in the accompanying tables .	sing_plur	13497
Nobody redeemed the coupon .	Nobody redeemed the coupons .	sing_plur	13498
He looked up at the heaven .	He looked up at the heavens .	sing_plur	13499
" " The court can work .	" " The courts can work .	sing_plur	13501
The writer went on strike Nov. 5 .	The writers went on strike Nov. 5 .	sing_plur	13504
That is the main criterion .	That is the main criteria .	sing_plur	13505
Mailer was a regular contributor to Esquire over the year .	Mailer was a regular contributor to Esquire over the years .	sing_plur	13508
We have to make the catch .	We have to make the catches .	sing_plur	13512
The irony dripped all over the game .	The ironies dripped all over the game .	sing_plur	13513
Notes : @ Smithsons goal ended a two-game scoreless streak for the Predator .	Notes : @ Smithsons goal ended a two-game scoreless streak for the Predators .	sing_plur	13514
Ahmadinejad has shown disdain for the talk .	Ahmadinejad has shown disdain for the talks .	sing_plur	13515
The talk had been scheduled before Larijani 's announcement .	The talks had been scheduled before Larijani 's announcement .	sing_plur	13516
Consumers should stop using the product immediately , Starbucks said .	Consumers should stop using the products immediately , Starbucks said .	sing_plur	13517
The Gator ( 8-3 ) scored on nearly every possession .	The Gators ( 8-3 ) scored on nearly every possession .	sing_plur	13518
But he said he was pleased with the outcome of the negotiation .	But he said he was pleased with the outcome of the negotiations .	sing_plur	13520
The building included churches , hospitals and government offices .	The buildings included churches , hospitals and government offices .	sing_plur	13521
After about 15 minutes Indian police arrived and detained the protester .	After about 15 minutes Indian police arrived and detained the protesters .	sing_plur	13522
This was the Afghan burning of the book .	This was the Afghan burning of the books .	sing_plur	13523
We have not gotten cooperation from any of the governor .	We have not gotten cooperation from any of the governors .	sing_plur	13526
He declined to explain why the man had the knives .	He declined to explain why the men had the knives .	sing_plur	13527
Thome raised his arm in the air as he rounded the base .	Thome raised his arm in the air as he rounded the bases .	sing_plur	13528
Exams and problems with friends were the biggest worry .	Exams and problems with friends were the biggest worries .	sing_plur	13529
And that includes the presidential hopeful themselves .	And that includes the presidential hopefuls themselves .	sing_plur	13531
Lynn misses the Hollywood amenities , particularly the restaurant .	Lynn misses the Hollywood amenities , particularly the restaurants .	sing_plur	13532
The significance of the return is also a subject of debate .	The significance of the returns is also a subject of debate .	sing_plur	13533
The comparison with Taylor will haunt McClaren now , though .	The comparisons with Taylor will haunt McClaren now , though .	sing_plur	13534
The trial will take place in 2008 at Camp Pendleton in California .	The trials will take place in 2008 at Camp Pendleton in California .	sing_plur	13535
But the American was consistently behind at the split .	But the American was consistently behind at the splits .	sing_plur	13537
Chrysler , people with direct knowledge of the negotiation said late Sunday .	Chrysler , people with direct knowledge of the negotiations said late Sunday .	sing_plur	13539
I want to cry over the recent event .	I want to cry over the recent events .	sing_plur	13541
With that comes the demon in the night .	With that comes the demons in the night .	sing_plur	13544
Its flaws exist at the margin .	Its flaws exist at the margins .	sing_plur	13545
The USDA declined to detail the inadequate measure .	The USDA declined to detail the inadequate measures .	sing_plur	13546
But experts say the lower price can come with higher risk .	But experts say the lower prices can come with higher risk .	sing_plur	13547
It is the largest non-governmental organisation in the world .	It is the largest non-governmental organisations in the world .	sing_plur	13549
Children under 14 are not allowed to use the bike .	Children under 14 are not allowed to use the bikes .	sing_plur	13552
The personal attack would not have surprised Graham .	The personal attacks would not have surprised Graham .	sing_plur	13553
No sooner had the queue disappeared than the inquest began .	No sooner had the queues disappeared than the inquest began .	sing_plur	13554
The child would never again live with her full time .	The children would never again live with her full time .	sing_plur	13555
It is mostly elementary schools using the modified calendar .	It is mostly elementary schools using the modified calendars .	sing_plur	13556
Making the playoff , he said , will not be enough .	Making the playoffs , he said , will not be enough .	sing_plur	13557
But he would not elaborate on the detail of the talks .	But he would not elaborate on the details of the talks .	sing_plur	13558
The nets are treated with insecticide to kill the mosquito .	The nets are treated with insecticide to kill the mosquitoes .	sing_plur	13560
Dubai Properties is the project manager for both the project .	Dubai Properties is the project manager for both the projects .	sing_plur	13561
The insurgent soon filled it .	The insurgents soon filled it .	sing_plur	13562
The Sooner nearly gave it back .	The Sooners nearly gave it back .	sing_plur	13563
" " We had over a hundred members before we opened the door .	" " We had over a hundred members before we opened the doors .	sing_plur	13567
The federal judge did not indicate what the next step would be .	The federal judge did not indicate what the next steps would be .	sing_plur	13568
The result can be gruesome .	The results can be gruesome .	sing_plur	13569
In the beginning , God created the heaven and the Earth .	In the beginning , God created the heavens and the Earth .	sing_plur	13570
Gone are the sylph-filled niche .	Gone are the sylph-filled niches .	sing_plur	13572
School officials did not respond directly to the comment .	School officials did not respond directly to the comments .	sing_plur	13574
Campbell merely is learning the rope as a starter .	Campbell merely is learning the ropes as a starter .	sing_plur	13575
The playoff may mean more torturous weather .	The playoffs may mean more torturous weather .	sing_plur	13576
By night , he raced muscle-car owners on the street of New York .	By night , he raced muscle-car owners on the streets of New York .	sing_plur	13577
The charges were dropped to aggravated second-degree battery in four of the case .	The charges were dropped to aggravated second-degree battery in four of the cases .	sing_plur	13578
Here are the thing that must be considered .	Here are the things that must be considered .	sing_plur	13579
Analysts say the contribution could be made in cash or stock .	Analysts say the contributions could be made in cash or stock .	sing_plur	13583
" The attack on humanitarian aid must stop , " he said .	" The attacks on humanitarian aid must stop , " he said .	sing_plur	13586
The new furnace standards were issued under pressure from the court .	The new furnace standards were issued under pressure from the courts .	sing_plur	13587
The intelligence was also shared with the Pakistani government , the official said .	The intelligence was also shared with the Pakistani government , the officials said .	sing_plur	13588
You see the victim on holiday , camcorder attached to one eye .	You see the victims on holiday , camcorder attached to one eye .	sing_plur	13589
The librarian said their concern about such monitoring is rooted in recent history .	The librarians said their concern about such monitoring is rooted in recent history .	sing_plur	13590
But supporters say the kit will help treat overdoses quickly .	But supporters say the kits will help treat overdoses quickly .	sing_plur	13591
But in the end , it was overtaken by the mullah .	But in the end , it was overtaken by the mullahs .	sing_plur	13594
He posted his 88th career triple-double and 50th with the Net .	He posted his 88th career triple-double and 50th with the Nets .	sing_plur	13596
Furthermore , aging can affect the response to certain medications .	Furthermore , aging can affect the responses to certain medications .	sing_plur	13597
They said he took nearly $ 55,000 in the robbery .	They said he took nearly $ 55,000 in the robberies .	sing_plur	13598
They were born joined at the top of their heads .	They were born joined at the tops of their heads .	sing_plur	13600
Then her block got 22 % of the vote .	Then her block got 22 % of the votes .	sing_plur	13602
She will also pay tribute to the sacrifice made by the Armed Forces .	She will also pay tribute to the sacrifices made by the Armed Forces .	sing_plur	13604
They are the zestiest bit of matter in the universe .	They are the zestiest bits of matter in the universe .	sing_plur	13605
But Mrs. Singh quickly learned the unofficial rule of the road .	But Mrs. Singh quickly learned the unofficial rules of the road .	sing_plur	13606
He is cutting off about a million children from the roll .	He is cutting off about a million children from the rolls .	sing_plur	13607
" It meant not shirking " the difficult long-term decision .	" It meant not shirking " the difficult long-term decisions .	sing_plur	13608
" I could not cope with the shot , " said Zhang .	" I could not cope with the shots , " said Zhang .	sing_plur	13609
Marshawn Lynch also scored for the Bill .	Marshawn Lynch also scored for the Bills .	sing_plur	13610
Well , the little guy lost .	Well , the little guys lost .	sing_plur	13611
He does not have the chop to beat Hillary .	He does not have the chops to beat Hillary .	sing_plur	13613
There are no facilities for the child .	There are no facilities for the children .	sing_plur	13616
I would rather we were remembered for solving the other problem first .	I would rather we were remembered for solving the other problems first .	sing_plur	13617
The beer trucks were actually on campus -- not in the neighborhood .	The beer trucks were actually on campus -- not in the neighborhoods .	sing_plur	13618
She points to the number .	She points to the numbers .	sing_plur	13620
The contest between the party has been heated and controversial .	The contest between the parties has been heated and controversial .	sing_plur	13621
Your feet are in the cloud so often .	Your feet are in the clouds so often .	sing_plur	13622
It has sat on the sideline as an observer .	It has sat on the sidelines as an observer .	sing_plur	13623
Long lines surprised the local .	Long lines surprised the locals .	sing_plur	13624
" Together they bring collective genius to the problem , " he adds .	" Together they bring collective genius to the problems , " he adds .	sing_plur	13625
As the month wore on , Mr. Hill kept the faith .	As the months wore on , Mr. Hill kept the faith .	sing_plur	13627
Often they 've got the best show in town .	Often they 've got the best shows in town .	sing_plur	13628
But turn the table .	But turn the tables .	sing_plur	13629
But the very innovation on which Northern Rock thrived have savaged its business .	But the very innovations on which Northern Rock thrived have savaged its business .	sing_plur	13630
Okajima was not among the reveler .	Okajima was not among the revelers .	sing_plur	13631
That is how Weiss operated in the bad old day .	That is how Weiss operated in the bad old days .	sing_plur	13633
The robber brandished weapons but no shots were fired .	The robbers brandished weapons but no shots were fired .	sing_plur	13639
Police said they believed the murderer had acted under the influence of drugs .	Police said they believed the murderers had acted under the influence of drugs .	sing_plur	13640
Put bluntly , most suicide bombings here kill only the bomber themselves .	Put bluntly , most suicide bombings here kill only the bombers themselves .	sing_plur	13641
Student leaders welcomed the proposal .	Student leaders welcomed the proposals .	sing_plur	13643
He could have burned the school down or the student .	He could have burned the school down or the students .	sing_plur	13644
The death occurred when parents gave their children accidental overdoses .	The deaths occurred when parents gave their children accidental overdoses .	sing_plur	13645
The year went by , full of performances and praise .	The years went by , full of performances and praise .	sing_plur	13647
Build the wall back up .	Build the walls back up .	sing_plur	13650
He says he reported the incident but nothing happened .	He says he reported the incidents but nothing happened .	sing_plur	13653
Turn the proportion around .	Turn the proportions around .	sing_plur	13654
Guan was kept waiting outside the courthouse during the proceeding .	Guan was kept waiting outside the courthouse during the proceedings .	sing_plur	13656
Bush and Musharraf vie in the single digit .	Bush and Musharraf vie in the single digits .	sing_plur	13657
The police department 's bomb squad removed the pack and destroyed them .	The police department 's bomb squad removed the packs and destroyed them .	sing_plur	13658
In all three cases , the celebrity sued .	In all three cases , the celebrities sued .	sing_plur	13659
But children 's advocates called the new measure overly restrictive .	But children 's advocates called the new measures overly restrictive .	sing_plur	13660
The aggressive tactic bigger discounts and expanded hours like midnight openings apparently worked .	The aggressive tactics bigger discounts and expanded hours like midnight openings apparently worked .	sing_plur	13661
We stay within the confine of the play .	We stay within the confines of the play .	sing_plur	13663
Our thoughts are with the family at this very difficult time .	Our thoughts are with the families at this very difficult time .	sing_plur	13664
The weapon used , according to the charges -- shoes .	The weapons used , according to the charges -- shoes .	sing_plur	13666
The authority did not release her name .	The authorities did not release her name .	sing_plur	13668
She said the group was revamping security measures when the attack occurred .	She said the group was revamping security measures when the attacks occurred .	sing_plur	13669
He spent hours at her bedside over the year .	He spent hours at her bedside over the years .	sing_plur	13670
Battered old taxis glide down the street .	Battered old taxis glide down the streets .	sing_plur	13671
But it is not just the option .	But it is not just the options .	sing_plur	13673
The fee might be worth it if the tutoring actually delivered results .	The fees might be worth it if the tutoring actually delivered results .	sing_plur	13674
The soldier retreated that day .	The soldiers retreated that day .	sing_plur	13676
The child showed their PowerPoints to other students .	The children showed their PowerPoints to other students .	sing_plur	13678
Invasive plants are sometimes even worse than the animal .	Invasive plants are sometimes even worse than the animals .	sing_plur	13679
1537 - Spanish begin colonising the interior plain of Paraguay .	1537 - Spanish begin colonising the interior plains of Paraguay .	sing_plur	13681
The Iranian Foreign Ministry rejected the allegation .	The Iranian Foreign Ministry rejected the allegations .	sing_plur	13682
The team set a finals record for combined points in a half .	The teams set a finals record for combined points in a half .	sing_plur	13683
But I would not hear these sounds in the day to come .	But I would not hear these sounds in the days to come .	sing_plur	13684
Of course the parallel cannot be exact .	Of course the parallels cannot be exact .	sing_plur	13685
But pensioners Ryszard and Iwona said they had chosen the conservative .	But pensioners Ryszard and Iwona said they had chosen the conservatives .	sing_plur	13686
Trot Nixon was back at Fenway Park in the playoff .	Trot Nixon was back at Fenway Park in the playoffs .	sing_plur	13687
I cannot decide on the small thing .	I cannot decide on the small things .	sing_plur	13689
She stressed that the swim organised were not specifically therapeutic .	She stressed that the swims organised were not specifically therapeutic .	sing_plur	13690
Clearly the ducks here are not confined to the national park .	Clearly the ducks here are not confined to the national parks .	sing_plur	13691
The wild tigers are in the mountain .	The wild tigers are in the mountains .	sing_plur	13692
About 3,000 are believed to be hiding in the mountain there .	About 3,000 are believed to be hiding in the mountains there .	sing_plur	13693
School systems must report the result to the public .	School systems must report the results to the public .	sing_plur	13696
She should consult her divorce attorney to clear up the detail .	She should consult her divorce attorney to clear up the details .	sing_plur	13697
Giuliani said his doctor would issue a full report after the holiday .	Giuliani said his doctor would issue a full report after the holidays .	sing_plur	13698
Over the year , poachers depleted the game .	Over the years , poachers depleted the game .	sing_plur	13699
Steaming combination platters of beef tacos and guacamole-topped chicken flautas cover the table .	Steaming combination platters of beef tacos and guacamole-topped chicken flautas cover the tables .	sing_plur	13704
While others ignored the spending binge , McCain was among the fiscal hawk .	While others ignored the spending binge , McCain was among the fiscal hawks .	sing_plur	13705
California has some of the strictest law .	California has some of the strictest laws .	sing_plur	13708
The authenticity of the tape could not immediately be confirmed .	The authenticity of the tapes could not immediately be confirmed .	sing_plur	13710
Still , the Terrapins were the aggressor early .	Still , the Terrapins were the aggressors early .	sing_plur	13713
Grizzlies coach Marc Iavaroni played three seasons for the 76er .	Grizzlies coach Marc Iavaroni played three seasons for the 76ers .	sing_plur	13715
The book will be placed in a bank vault until the event .	The books will be placed in a bank vault until the event .	sing_plur	13717
The player leapt off their seats , shouted and shimmied .	The players leapt off their seats , shouted and shimmied .	sing_plur	13722
The defendant , they said , harbored no animosity toward gays .	The defendants , they said , harbored no animosity toward gays .	sing_plur	13724
Alas , he is trailing in the poll .	Alas , he is trailing in the polls .	sing_plur	13725
Iraq has factored in strongly to the ongoing presidential debate .	Iraq has factored in strongly to the ongoing presidential debates .	sing_plur	13726
It must be awful for the parent .	It must be awful for the parents .	sing_plur	13727
Their lawyers have said the charge could result in 15-year prison sentences .	Their lawyers have said the charges could result in 15-year prison sentences .	sing_plur	13728
Police were at the scene of the strike to prevent any trouble .	Police were at the scene of the strikes to prevent any trouble .	sing_plur	13730
It informs the relationship and informs the situation .	It informs the relationships and informs the situation .	sing_plur	13731
It contains photographs , prisoners ' records and objects donated by the survivor .	It contains photographs , prisoners ' records and objects donated by the survivors .	sing_plur	13732
This is a team for the age .	This is a team for the ages .	sing_plur	13733
Friday evenings are a flashpoint for many of the teenager .	Friday evenings are a flashpoint for many of the teenagers .	sing_plur	13735
Subsidiaries of Gerdau Ameristeel are the borrower under the facilities .	Subsidiaries of Gerdau Ameristeel are the borrowers under the facilities .	sing_plur	13736
Witnesses said the thief smiled and waved as they removed it .	Witnesses said the thieves smiled and waved as they removed it .	sing_plur	13739
The student would then be allowed to return to school .	The students would then be allowed to return to school .	sing_plur	13740
It helps to keep our town neater and recycles the bag .	It helps to keep our town neater and recycles the bags .	sing_plur	13742
And right now we do not know the answer .	And right now we do not know the answers .	sing_plur	13743
The report accused the Sudanese government of failing to investigate the rape .	The report accused the Sudanese government of failing to investigate the rapes .	sing_plur	13747
The campaign would not identify the donor involved .	The campaign would not identify the donors involved .	sing_plur	13749
The suite should be finished in time for the 2009 season .	The suites should be finished in time for the 2009 season .	sing_plur	13750
" " We all did the same thing .	" " We all did the same things .	sing_plur	13751
The beach will be open today , he said .	The beaches will be open today , he said .	sing_plur	13752
Build bridges with the other grandparent .	Build bridges with the other grandparents .	sing_plur	13753
The civil servant completed questionnaires about their close relationships in the 1980s .	The civil servants completed questionnaires about their close relationships in the 1980s .	sing_plur	13754
Brady said New England did the little thing so well .	Brady said New England did the little things so well .	sing_plur	13755
At that point , the fan roundly booed the Giants .	At that point , the fans roundly booed the Giants .	sing_plur	13757
The Rocket shot 42 percent despite making 12-of-24 in the first quarter .	The Rockets shot 42 percent despite making 12-of-24 in the first quarter .	sing_plur	13758
But you could still see them working , walking in the street .	But you could still see them working , walking in the streets .	sing_plur	13759
The investigator also found that the building 's sprinklers were not working .	The investigators also found that the building 's sprinklers were not working .	sing_plur	13761
The researchers have regularly checked the woman 's health since then .	The researchers have regularly checked the women 's health since then .	sing_plur	13762
The mosque has no official name and was never approved by the authority .	The mosque has no official name and was never approved by the authorities .	sing_plur	13763
So part of my plan is that we seal the border .	So part of my plan is that we seal the borders .	sing_plur	13764
It was not immediately possible to reconcile the different story .	It was not immediately possible to reconcile the different stories .	sing_plur	13765
The opposition New Democratic Party won the rest of the seat .	The opposition New Democratic Party won the rest of the seats .	sing_plur	13768
Coming down here is part of the healing process for the veteran .	Coming down here is part of the healing process for the veterans .	sing_plur	13769
Officials said the elephant swam to the island from a nearby hill region .	Officials said the elephants swam to the island from a nearby hill region .	sing_plur	13771
That is right -- the turkey .	That is right -- the turkeys .	sing_plur	13772
Command the player to get to work .	Command the players to get to work .	sing_plur	13773
The stake may have proved too enormous for presidents to remain silent .	The stakes may have proved too enormous for presidents to remain silent .	sing_plur	13775
The figure came from undercover purchases by Drug Enforcement Administration agents .	The figures came from undercover purchases by Drug Enforcement Administration agents .	sing_plur	13777
In baseball we always know the name of the victims .	In baseball we always know the names of the victims .	sing_plur	13778
Before her next scheduled visit she obtained passports for the child .	Before her next scheduled visit she obtained passports for the children .	sing_plur	13780
Dozens of villagers were injured in the clash .	Dozens of villagers were injured in the clashes .	sing_plur	13781
Then others shoved him down the stair , he said .	Then others shoved him down the stairs , he said .	sing_plur	13782
The Cavalier trailed by two .	The Cavaliers trailed by two .	sing_plur	13784
Given the stake , the wait could be excruciating .	Given the stakes , the wait could be excruciating .	sing_plur	13785
The trip followed threats by Russia to retarget its missiles at Europe .	The trips followed threats by Russia to retarget its missiles at Europe .	sing_plur	13786
He said the kid will win .	He said the kids will win .	sing_plur	13787
He was praised to the sky by Puccini and Schoenberg .	He was praised to the skies by Puccini and Schoenberg .	sing_plur	13788
Unwittingly , these students have become the subject of academic research .	Unwittingly , these students have become the subjects of academic research .	sing_plur	13789
Estrada won the local version of the Oscar five times .	Estrada won the local version of the Oscars five times .	sing_plur	13791
These works are described in detail in the appropriate report .	These works are described in detail in the appropriate reports .	sing_plur	13795
They 've scored in their last 33 quarters , including the playoff .	They 've scored in their last 33 quarters , including the playoffs .	sing_plur	13796
Make clear the step to safety .	Make clear the steps to safety .	sing_plur	13797
But a lot of the time , the bottom line still wins .	But a lot of the times , the bottom line still wins .	sing_plur	13799
Year after year Shackleton would dismiss the best batsman in England .	Year after year Shackleton would dismiss the best batsmen in England .	sing_plur	13801
Hardest hit were the city of Tocopilla and Maria Elena .	Hardest hit were the cities of Tocopilla and Maria Elena .	sing_plur	13802
Each light bar on the new car costs $ 1,800 .	Each light bar on the new cars costs $ 1,800 .	sing_plur	13803
Two condominium developments are in the work .	Two condominium developments are in the works .	sing_plur	13804
I mean the one where somebody had done something really bad .	I mean the ones where somebody had done something really bad .	sing_plur	13805
They did not specify the charge , Hashmi said .	They did not specify the charges , Hashmi said .	sing_plur	13806
One navy craft sank , the rebel said .	One navy craft sank , the rebels said .	sing_plur	13807
The officer went on to describe the violent attack .	The officer went on to describe the violent attacks .	sing_plur	13809
Authorities in Charles said the recent theft occurred Monday and Friday .	Authorities in Charles said the recent thefts occurred Monday and Friday .	sing_plur	13810
This time she intends to lead her party again in the parliamentary election .	This time she intends to lead her party again in the parliamentary elections .	sing_plur	13811
The win will come .	The wins will come .	sing_plur	13812
But such practical pleasures may be the least of the lure .	But such practical pleasures may be the least of the lures .	sing_plur	13813
The man had gone to fight the fire .	The men had gone to fight the fire .	sing_plur	13817
But to the trader , it sounded like a joke .	But to the traders , it sounded like a joke .	sing_plur	13818
RBS refused to comment on any of the issue .	RBS refused to comment on any of the issues .	sing_plur	13819
The man 's 100 went to Jaysuma Saidy Ndure of Norway in 10.14 .	The men 's 100 went to Jaysuma Saidy Ndure of Norway in 10.14 .	sing_plur	13820
It took the government some time to establish what had caused the death .	It took the government some time to establish what had caused the deaths .	sing_plur	13823
The patients pay only for the pill .	The patients pay only for the pills .	sing_plur	13825
Over the last few years , people have reported feeling the tremor .	Over the last few years , people have reported feeling the tremors .	sing_plur	13826
Celebrate the skeleton !	Celebrate the skeletons !	sing_plur	13827
That means students will be scattered to the wind .	That means students will be scattered to the winds .	sing_plur	13829
It was not immediately clear what triggered the shooting .	It was not immediately clear what triggered the shootings .	sing_plur	13830
There is so much to do before the retail binge .	There is so much to do before the retail binges .	sing_plur	13832
The college will remain independent but want to collaborate on the curriculum .	The colleges will remain independent but want to collaborate on the curriculum .	sing_plur	13833
Each of the candidate has a position to spin .	Each of the candidates has a position to spin .	sing_plur	13835
But the bottom line in his profession is winning the big game .	But the bottom line in his profession is winning the big games .	sing_plur	13838
The bar will be out of bounds .	The bars will be out of bounds .	sing_plur	13839
They both use little electric de-icers to keep the pond from freezing completely .	They both use little electric de-icers to keep the ponds from freezing completely .	sing_plur	13840
They swung the bat good .	They swung the bats good .	sing_plur	13841
The manager works one-to-one with the striker during training .	The manager works one-to-one with the strikers during training .	sing_plur	13843
The boy pushed the tire ever so lightly , and she giggled .	The boys pushed the tire ever so lightly , and she giggled .	sing_plur	13844
The result will appear on Thanksgiving weekend .	The results will appear on Thanksgiving weekend .	sing_plur	13846
No group has taken responsibility for any of the call .	No group has taken responsibility for any of the calls .	sing_plur	13847
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private .	The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the talks are private .	sing_plur	13848
Get some background information on the candidate .	Get some background information on the candidates .	sing_plur	13849
He told the kid their mom had left them .	He told the kids their mom had left them .	sing_plur	13852
Every day , the producer would swap new pages for old .	Every day , the producers would swap new pages for old .	sing_plur	13854
The climber used technology to help them communicate .	The climbers used technology to help them communicate .	sing_plur	13855
A number of residents living close to the stadium had opposed the plan .	A number of residents living close to the stadium had opposed the plans .	sing_plur	13856
As the controversy peaked , the bishop did some soul searching .	As the controversy peaked , the bishops did some soul searching .	sing_plur	13858
The security will pay no interest .	The securities will pay no interest .	sing_plur	13859
These facial coordinates were then compared with the contemporary coordinate .	These facial coordinates were then compared with the contemporary coordinates .	sing_plur	13862
The kidnapper killed the second German after he suffered a heart attack .	The kidnappers killed the second German after he suffered a heart attack .	sing_plur	13864
He said the teacher would not listen to his side of the story .	He said the teachers would not listen to his side of the story .	sing_plur	13866
We were driving on the outskirt of San Francisco .	We were driving on the outskirts of San Francisco .	sing_plur	13868
The new meal will be introduced in November .	The new meals will be introduced in November .	sing_plur	13869
The government said the resignation would have no effect on the balloting .	The government said the resignations would have no effect on the balloting .	sing_plur	13871
They built roaring fires and played Scrabble until the wee hour .	They built roaring fires and played Scrabble until the wee hours .	sing_plur	13872
He plans to return the work to Russia .	He plans to return the works to Russia .	sing_plur	13875
On that occasion the Cd arrived safely .	On that occasion the CDs arrived safely .	sing_plur	13877
She has denied the accusation .	She has denied the accusations .	sing_plur	13879
The findings were published in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The findings were published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	13881
It was to prove a crucial period for the rebel .	It was to prove a crucial period for the rebels .	sing_plur	13882
The organizer tried to keep things that way .	The organizers tried to keep things that way .	sing_plur	13883
And the place to eat .	And the places to eat .	sing_plur	13884
Eleven people died in the storm .	Eleven people died in the storms .	sing_plur	13885
A three-month consultation on the proposal is to begin immediately .	A three-month consultation on the proposals is to begin immediately .	sing_plur	13886
They were hot on the eve of the playoff .	They were hot on the eve of the playoffs .	sing_plur	13887
She had a role in planning the study but disagreed with the conclusion .	She had a role in planning the study but disagreed with the conclusions .	sing_plur	13888
The cars ' Cosworth engines produce roughly 750 horsepower without the boost .	The cars ' Cosworth engines produce roughly 750 horsepower without the boosts .	sing_plur	13890
All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners .	All other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners .	sing_plur	13891
The never-ending battle of the sex goes on and on .	The never-ending battle of the sexes goes on and on .	sing_plur	13895
The mind of his fellow Republicans appeared unchanged .	The minds of his fellow Republicans appeared unchanged .	sing_plur	13898
I 'll tell you I hope I outlive the bastard .	I 'll tell you I hope I outlive the bastards .	sing_plur	13899
Residents may alter the interior and rear elevations of their homes .	Residents may alter the interiors and rear elevations of their homes .	sing_plur	13900
The New York Times gave no details about the identity of those targeted .	The New York Times gave no details about the identities of those targeted .	sing_plur	13901
The holy man took to the streets in anger .	The holy men took to the streets in anger .	sing_plur	13902
The solidity of the original building is also a draw .	The solidity of the original buildings is also a draw .	sing_plur	13904
Just keep the break to a minimum .	Just keep the breaks to a minimum .	sing_plur	13906
Fold in the toasted nuts or the currant .	Fold in the toasted nuts or the currants .	sing_plur	13907
The juror also deliberated Friday before taking the weekend off .	The jurors also deliberated Friday before taking the weekend off .	sing_plur	13908
They then proceeded to feed the meter .	They then proceeded to feed the meters .	sing_plur	13910
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad participated in the talk for the first time .	Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad participated in the talks for the first time .	sing_plur	13911
These were far from the only challenge .	These were far from the only challenges .	sing_plur	13913
Some roads were left under several inches of water following the heavy downpour .	Some roads were left under several inches of water following the heavy downpours .	sing_plur	13914
The weather was great , the facility outstanding .	The weather was great , the facilities outstanding .	sing_plur	13915
It was a matter of looking at the number .	It was a matter of looking at the numbers .	sing_plur	13916
Eyes shut , she gently rocked with the chime .	Eyes shut , she gently rocked with the chimes .	sing_plur	13917
He even thought about the unforgettable loss .	He even thought about the unforgettable losses .	sing_plur	13919
The reform helped Turkey emerge from an economic crisis .	The reforms helped Turkey emerge from an economic crisis .	sing_plur	13921
After the first few rainy commute , you 'll understand .	After the first few rainy commutes , you 'll understand .	sing_plur	13922
I would not take anything away from the woman .	I would not take anything away from the women .	sing_plur	13924
Two very similar pictures dominate the front page in Dublin .	Two very similar pictures dominate the front pages in Dublin .	sing_plur	13928
" These are the country doing the heavy lifting , " Howard said .	" These are the countries doing the heavy lifting , " Howard said .	sing_plur	13929
Still , some longtime players still find the magazine useful .	Still , some longtime players still find the magazines useful .	sing_plur	13934
Instead , it is the distinction .	Instead , it is the distinctions .	sing_plur	13935
The Conservative did not even run the numbers .	The Conservatives did not even run the numbers .	sing_plur	13937
The author reported the results from 20 AF patients .	The authors reported the results from 20 AF patients .	sing_plur	13938
And he sought excellence in the art .	And he sought excellence in the arts .	sing_plur	13939
As it turned out , the stagehand did strike the Nederlander theaters .	As it turned out , the stagehands did strike the Nederlander theaters .	sing_plur	13941
Look in the paper .	Look in the papers .	sing_plur	13942
I worry for this and all of the future generation .	I worry for this and all of the future generations .	sing_plur	13945
It is been that way down through the year .	It is been that way down through the years .	sing_plur	13946
They said the deadline could slip into January or February .	They said the deadlines could slip into January or February .	sing_plur	13948
It is time to do that for the adult .	It is time to do that for the adults .	sing_plur	13949
Some of the company named in the report are RSPO members .	Some of the companies named in the report are RSPO members .	sing_plur	13956
Then there are the practicality of raising children .	Then there are the practicalities of raising children .	sing_plur	13957
The family received a ruling in their favor in February 1946 .	The families received a ruling in their favor in February 1946 .	sing_plur	13958
He also admitted molesting his daughter , the detective said .	He also admitted molesting his daughter , the detectives said .	sing_plur	13959
The new work will be on view in mid-January , he added .	The new works will be on view in mid-January , he added .	sing_plur	13961
The success in MDS has lead to hopes for other types of cancer .	The successes in MDS has lead to hopes for other types of cancer .	sing_plur	13962
The participant did not follow a specific diet and fitness program .	The participants did not follow a specific diet and fitness program .	sing_plur	13964
The price of gold and oil also rose .	The prices of gold and oil also rose .	sing_plur	13966
A falling US dollar has helped support the record-high price .	A falling US dollar has helped support the record-high prices .	sing_plur	13969
Susie Ingras saw the crash and went to help the victim .	Susie Ingras saw the crash and went to help the victims .	sing_plur	13970
The other crocodile in the experiment did exactly the same .	The other crocodiles in the experiment did exactly the same .	sing_plur	13971
" This is a case for the court , " Moody said .	" This is a case for the courts , " Moody said .	sing_plur	13972
Now we will see how he matches up against the top 3-year-old .	Now we will see how he matches up against the top 3-year-olds .	sing_plur	13973
The Entrepreneurs ' Organization in 2006 assumed the administration of the award .	The Entrepreneurs ' Organization in 2006 assumed the administration of the awards .	sing_plur	13974
This is part of an overall war against us by the terrorist .	This is part of an overall war against us by the terrorists .	sing_plur	13975
" Persepolis " makes you contemplate the process of history .	" Persepolis " makes you contemplate the processes of history .	sing_plur	13976
The effect of the flood has been particularly devastating for them .	The effect of the floods has been particularly devastating for them .	sing_plur	13978
We have come to know the excuse by heart .	We have come to know the excuses by heart .	sing_plur	13982
There may have been deficiencies with the watertight door .	There may have been deficiencies with the watertight doors .	sing_plur	13983
A judge refused this month to block implementation of the guideline .	A judge refused this month to block implementation of the guidelines .	sing_plur	13984
Many participants had trouble finding words to describe the party .	Many participants had trouble finding words to describe the parties .	sing_plur	13986
The car screeched to a sidelong stop .	The cars screeched to a sidelong stop .	sing_plur	13987
We have to improve on these things to win the big game .	We have to improve on these things to win the big games .	sing_plur	13988
She does not want to get trapped in the life of the project .	She does not want to get trapped in the life of the projects .	sing_plur	13991
Sun Microsystems develops the technology that power the global marketplace .	Sun Microsystems develops the technologies that power the global marketplace .	sing_plur	13992
Each country will have different ideas about how to use the machine .	Each country will have different ideas about how to use the machines .	sing_plur	13993
The next auction will be on January 14 and 28 .	The next auctions will be on January 14 and 28 .	sing_plur	13996
Well , at least the woman got Dylan right .	Well , at least the women got Dylan right .	sing_plur	13999
Perhaps they should throw a food thermometer in with the new package .	Perhaps they should throw a food thermometer in with the new packages .	sing_plur	14000
Panelists will be available for individual meetings after the presentation .	Panelists will be available for individual meetings after the presentations .	sing_plur	14001
Clearly , there is a need to reconsider the diagnostic standard .	Clearly , there is a need to reconsider the diagnostic standards .	sing_plur	14002
Bomar warned the 60 quarterbacks in attendance about the potential pitfall .	Bomar warned the 60 quarterbacks in attendance about the potential pitfalls .	sing_plur	14003
And I was pleased he did not guffaw at the dirty word .	And I was pleased he did not guffaw at the dirty words .	sing_plur	14005
Firms may employ the following strategies to achieve the target .	Firms may employ the following strategies to achieve the targets .	sing_plur	14006
She is seen the fairground in both its incarnations .	She is seen the fairgrounds in both its incarnations .	sing_plur	14008
Reports said the blast occurred within five minutes of each other .	Reports said the blasts occurred within five minutes of each other .	sing_plur	14010
But it did adopt the minute which Ms Ritchie contested .	But it did adopt the minutes which Ms Ritchie contested .	sing_plur	14012
In the report , the analyst suggested pairing trades with these companies .	In the report , the analysts suggested pairing trades with these companies .	sing_plur	14015
There were no hard feelings between the supporter .	There were no hard feelings between the supporters .	sing_plur	14018
But most Kenyans have not yet felt the benefit of this .	But most Kenyans have not yet felt the benefits of this .	sing_plur	14020
" They are the ugliest-looking thing you can imagine , " he said .	" They are the ugliest-looking things you can imagine , " he said .	sing_plur	14025
The team combined to go 0-for-11 on the power play .	The teams combined to go 0-for-11 on the power play .	sing_plur	14026
The United States has always been defined by the ocean .	The United States has always been defined by the oceans .	sing_plur	14028
He did not name the group .	He did not name the groups .	sing_plur	14031
It ate up the mile to Aviemore easily .	It ate up the miles to Aviemore easily .	sing_plur	14032
Molinaro did not know how many passengers were on the plane .	Molinaro did not know how many passengers were on the planes .	sing_plur	14033
Six of the patent eventually went to trial .	Six of the patents eventually went to trial .	sing_plur	14036
The researcher randomly selected 105 village clusters in Uttar Pradesh .	The researchers randomly selected 105 village clusters in Uttar Pradesh .	sing_plur	14038
The card will be also used by UK-based foreigners .	The cards will be also used by UK-based foreigners .	sing_plur	14040
We pray for the child .	We pray for the children .	sing_plur	14042
The results help to solve a 50-year-old mystery about the hideout .	The results help to solve a 50-year-old mystery about the hideouts .	sing_plur	14043
Aid workers say the constant flow of visitors is disrupting the child .	Aid workers say the constant flow of visitors is disrupting the children .	sing_plur	14044
FEMA has truly learned the lesson of Katrina .	FEMA has truly learned the lessons of Katrina .	sing_plur	14045
Some of the celebrity interviewed seem questionable choices .	Some of the celebrities interviewed seem questionable choices .	sing_plur	14046
I witnessed the big protest in Rangoon today .	I witnessed the big protests in Rangoon today .	sing_plur	14048
And he is rough around the edge .	And he is rough around the edges .	sing_plur	14049
And I saw the atrocity committed by the Americans there .	And I saw the atrocities committed by the Americans there .	sing_plur	14050
Funds from operations indicate the fund available for finance and investing activities .	Funds from operations indicate the funds available for finance and investing activities .	sing_plur	14051
Police say he sold the video online .	Police say he sold the videos online .	sing_plur	14052
Many of the house will be raised so the will not flood again .	Many of the houses will be raised so the will not flood again .	sing_plur	14053
The designer responded with a wordless T in a circle .	The designers responded with a wordless T in a circle .	sing_plur	14054
They played great , especially in the playoff .	They played great , especially in the playoffs .	sing_plur	14055
They pull together deals , both from suppliers and from the agency .	They pull together deals , both from suppliers and from the agencies .	sing_plur	14056
The child , that is .	The children , that is .	sing_plur	14057
They will break up the gang .	They will break up the gangs .	sing_plur	14059
" That is his makeup , " notes of the meeting said .	" That is his makeup , " notes of the meetings said .	sing_plur	14063
The official did not come and the documents were not provided immediately .	The officials did not come and the documents were not provided immediately .	sing_plur	14064
They are taking the scofflaw to court .	They are taking the scofflaws to court .	sing_plur	14065
The soloist provided a few surprises as well .	The soloists provided a few surprises as well .	sing_plur	14068
" " I was sitting in a chair floating above the mountain .	" " I was sitting in a chair floating above the mountains .	sing_plur	14069
The figure showed that pricing pressures remain strong , particularly in manufacturing .	The figures showed that pricing pressures remain strong , particularly in manufacturing .	sing_plur	14070
The mistake made on them can lead to unsuccessful searches for books .	The mistakes made on them can lead to unsuccessful searches for books .	sing_plur	14072
On occasion the lecture themselves made the news .	On occasion the lectures themselves made the news .	sing_plur	14073
It is hoped the fund could see the building converted into flats .	It is hoped the funds could see the building converted into flats .	sing_plur	14074
I think he came mostly for the snack .	I think he came mostly for the snacks .	sing_plur	14075
It was not immediately clear whether gunfire caused any of the casualty .	It was not immediately clear whether gunfire caused any of the casualties .	sing_plur	14076
Viewers are encouraged to create the advertisement as well .	Viewers are encouraged to create the advertisements as well .	sing_plur	14077
The thing I am going to miss most are the player .	The thing I am going to miss most are the players .	sing_plur	14081
The man attended the same high school and often played together .	The men attended the same high school and often played together .	sing_plur	14082
The father had died in the flame .	The father had died in the flames .	sing_plur	14083
Colleges and universities raked in money by the billion last year .	Colleges and universities raked in money by the billions last year .	sing_plur	14085
But Schotter 's pitch was the unanimous choice of the judge .	But Schotter 's pitch was the unanimous choice of the judges .	sing_plur	14086
She just loved the child .	She just loved the children .	sing_plur	14088
There is a distinct odor of dirty gym bags hovering over the gate .	There is a distinct odor of dirty gym bags hovering over the gates .	sing_plur	14089
Jerred Smithson and Scott Nichol also scored for the Predator .	Jerred Smithson and Scott Nichol also scored for the Predators .	sing_plur	14091
The plug did not seem to irritate the dogs .	The plugs did not seem to irritate the dogs .	sing_plur	14092
Jennifer Eccleston has the answer .	Jennifer Eccleston has the answers .	sing_plur	14095
He did not elaborate further on the charge .	He did not elaborate further on the charges .	sing_plur	14097
" The woman benefited equally well , " Bogaev said .	" The women benefited equally well , " Bogaev said .	sing_plur	14098
Experts often debate the factor in student achievement .	Experts often debate the factors in student achievement .	sing_plur	14100
And these are the hero , people .	And these are the heroes , people .	sing_plur	14101
( Less flattering were the Rover-style fake cooling vents on the side ) .	( Less flattering were the Rover-style fake cooling vents on the sides ) .	sing_plur	14102
Following are the result of yesterday 's auction of four-week Treasury bills .	Following are the results of yesterday 's auction of four-week Treasury bills .	sing_plur	14103
We are looking at the inside of gloves .	We are looking at the insides of gloves .	sing_plur	14104
I have also used the digital camera .	I have also used the digital cameras .	sing_plur	14105
The presidential candidate will have to do a better job .	The presidential candidates will have to do a better job .	sing_plur	14106
But this habit infects everyone between the age of 18 and 35 .	But this habit infects everyone between the ages of 18 and 35 .	sing_plur	14107
There has been no comment from the militant .	There has been no comment from the militants .	sing_plur	14108
Learn the essential step for starting a small business .	Learn the essential steps for starting a small business .	sing_plur	14109
Anthony hinted the driver might have helped in the kidnapping .	Anthony hinted the driver might have helped in the kidnappings .	sing_plur	14110
The main candidates seem eager to avoid challenging the prevailing conservative orthodoxy .	The main candidates seem eager to avoid challenging the prevailing conservative orthodoxies .	sing_plur	14111
You know about the fundamental .	You know about the fundamentals .	sing_plur	14112
He is fought in some of the best fight ever .	He is fought in some of the best fights ever .	sing_plur	14113
The player joined up at 3pm this afternoon after having the night off .	The players joined up at 3pm this afternoon after having the night off .	sing_plur	14118
First Minister Alex Salmond welcomed the finding .	First Minister Alex Salmond welcomed the findings .	sing_plur	14119
Finely chop the stem and roots in a food processor .	Finely chop the stems and roots in a food processor .	sing_plur	14120
Even the same product can be positioned for different types .	Even the same products can be positioned for different types .	sing_plur	14122
But it is not only the carmaker talking about climate change .	But it is not only the carmakers talking about climate change .	sing_plur	14125
He also started for the Steeler .	He also started for the Steelers .	sing_plur	14126
I do not think anyone could slip through the crack on this .	I do not think anyone could slip through the cracks on this .	sing_plur	14129
The risk from these products will often be very low or non-existent .	The risks from these products will often be very low or non-existent .	sing_plur	14130
Instead , they point the finger at the corporate jet .	Instead , they point the finger at the corporate jets .	sing_plur	14131
But many fans did wear the jersey of the Giants and Dolphins .	But many fans did wear the jerseys of the Giants and Dolphins .	sing_plur	14132
Needle sharing and unprotected sex were the main source of transmission .	Needle sharing and unprotected sex were the main sources of transmission .	sing_plur	14133
Police said the man ran off towards Kings Hill Road .	Police said the men ran off towards Kings Hill Road .	sing_plur	14134
Volunteers offered coloring books and crayons to the kid .	Volunteers offered coloring books and crayons to the kids .	sing_plur	14136
The bag under his eyes , however , revealed otherwise .	The bags under his eyes , however , revealed otherwise .	sing_plur	14137
The invitation will be issued in the next few days .	The invitations will be issued in the next few days .	sing_plur	14138
Metal detection equipment and drugs sniffer dogs will also operate at the station .	Metal detection equipment and drugs sniffer dogs will also operate at the stations .	sing_plur	14139
Educate the worker !	Educate the workers !	sing_plur	14140
There is barbed wire up and down the street .	There is barbed wire up and down the streets .	sing_plur	14141
It is harder for the man to give up control .	It is harder for the men to give up control .	sing_plur	14142
The senior could have transferred .	The seniors could have transferred .	sing_plur	14144
Singer-guitarist Thomas McClary ( the Commodore ) is 57 .	Singer-guitarist Thomas McClary ( the Commodores ) is 57 .	sing_plur	14145
It is the youthful face of those in the crowd .	It is the youthful faces of those in the crowd .	sing_plur	14146
And the TV Academy wonders why some question the validity of the award .	And the TV Academy wonders why some question the validity of the awards .	sing_plur	14147
Even the dog can get out !	Even the dogs can get out !	sing_plur	14148
Helicopters are dropping food and other necessities to the resident .	Helicopters are dropping food and other necessities to the residents .	sing_plur	14149
The attack started three weeks ago .	The attacks started three weeks ago .	sing_plur	14150
Presumably , she means the toy .	Presumably , she means the toys .	sing_plur	14151
But Pakistan 's immature political elite cannot see the wood for the tree .	But Pakistan 's immature political elite cannot see the wood for the trees .	sing_plur	14152
" We try to keep the idea simple , " he said .	" We try to keep the ideas simple , " he said .	sing_plur	14154
Monks are the son of Buddha .	Monks are the sons of Buddha .	sing_plur	14156
It only got worse for the Net .	It only got worse for the Nets .	sing_plur	14159
Polls show that Clinton is indeed given the highest mark for experience .	Polls show that Clinton is indeed given the highest marks for experience .	sing_plur	14160
But the Lions are trained to look at the positive .	But the Lions are trained to look at the positives .	sing_plur	14161
Whatever the order , Sharpton knew how to play to the camera .	Whatever the order , Sharpton knew how to play to the cameras .	sing_plur	14162
Google has refused to make any comment on the rumor .	Google has refused to make any comment on the rumors .	sing_plur	14163
It is the woman here who border on the sociopathic .	It is the women here who border on the sociopathic .	sing_plur	14164
That began a 3-3 stretch in their last six games before the playoff .	That began a 3-3 stretch in their last six games before the playoffs .	sing_plur	14166
Some straight residents testified at the hearing as well .	Some straight residents testified at the hearings as well .	sing_plur	14167
That puts a lot of stress on the professional .	That puts a lot of stress on the professionals .	sing_plur	14168
Peterson was off-duty at the time of the shooting .	Peterson was off-duty at the time of the shootings .	sing_plur	14169
The neighbor who saved him did not know his name .	The neighbors who saved him did not know his name .	sing_plur	14170
It was the first meeting of the school .	It was the first meeting of the schools .	sing_plur	14171
It appears the man could be of Middle Eastern origin .	It appears the men could be of Middle Eastern origin .	sing_plur	14174
There were no known conflicts of interest or potential biases of the author .	There were no known conflicts of interest or potential biases of the authors .	sing_plur	14175
Men opposing because we are offering loans to the woman .	Men opposing because we are offering loans to the women .	sing_plur	14176
Polls show that many Israelis long to be rid of the Palestinian territory .	Polls show that many Israelis long to be rid of the Palestinian territories .	sing_plur	14177
The result will then be sent to the Vatican .	The results will then be sent to the Vatican .	sing_plur	14178
Of course there are differences between the leader .	Of course there are differences between the leaders .	sing_plur	14179
Let 's hear the argument for public transport instead .	Let 's hear the arguments for public transport instead .	sing_plur	14180
In the mountain , soil erosion is endemic .	In the mountains , soil erosion is endemic .	sing_plur	14181
But over the year , their proportion has eroded .	But over the years , their proportion has eroded .	sing_plur	14182
BBC reporters have seen helicopters criss-crossing the sky .	BBC reporters have seen helicopters criss-crossing the skies .	sing_plur	14183
Matsushita did not give a quarterly breakdown for the cost .	Matsushita did not give a quarterly breakdown for the costs .	sing_plur	14184
Chris Huhne and Nick Clegg are the early frontrunner for the job .	Chris Huhne and Nick Clegg are the early frontrunners for the job .	sing_plur	14185
Cal wants to be taken seriously among the big boy .	Cal wants to be taken seriously among the big boys .	sing_plur	14186
Stop treating the individual symptom .	Stop treating the individual symptoms .	sing_plur	14188
But the candidate can give hints .	But the candidates can give hints .	sing_plur	14191
Of the American multimillionaire who responded , the average happiness score was 5.8 .	Of the American multimillionaires who responded , the average happiness score was 5.8 .	sing_plur	14193
The show will be available for one week .	The shows will be available for one week .	sing_plur	14194
Results are still awaited from two of the site .	Results are still awaited from two of the sites .	sing_plur	14197
No state has fulfilled the requirement .	No state has fulfilled the requirements .	sing_plur	14199
The number of the dead varied .	The numbers of the dead varied .	sing_plur	14200
In the past , pilots only simulated dropping weapons over the island .	In the past , pilots only simulated dropping weapons over the islands .	sing_plur	14201
Police push the fighter back .	Police push the fighters back .	sing_plur	14202
This was the Thirty .	This was the Thirties .	sing_plur	14203
" " There is a significantly reduced number of monks on the street .	" " There is a significantly reduced number of monks on the streets .	sing_plur	14206
As so often , however , hasty decisions are not the best one .	As so often , however , hasty decisions are not the best ones .	sing_plur	14208
The armament it will carry are conventional air-to-air weapons .	The armaments it will carry are conventional air-to-air weapons .	sing_plur	14209
Most of them work in the field or at construction sites .	Most of them work in the fields or at construction sites .	sing_plur	14211
We have been over and over the reason .	We have been over and over the reasons .	sing_plur	14213
The share gained 46 cents in after-hours trading .	The shares gained 46 cents in after-hours trading .	sing_plur	14214
In this sense , the economic argument may miss the point .	In this sense , the economic arguments may miss the point .	sing_plur	14216
Denials of assertions should in general not repeat the assertion .	Denials of assertions should in general not repeat the assertions .	sing_plur	14217
The barrier confronting aspiring entrepreneurs were simply too great .	The barriers confronting aspiring entrepreneurs were simply too great .	sing_plur	14218
The FBI was called in to help remove the substance .	The FBI was called in to help remove the substances .	sing_plur	14219
I understand the network will run reality shows in place of reruns .	I understand the networks will run reality shows in place of reruns .	sing_plur	14221
Display the poster in your school library .	Display the posters in your school library .	sing_plur	14224
Blackwater has denied its guards in the helicopter opened fire .	Blackwater has denied its guards in the helicopters opened fire .	sing_plur	14225
Hearts were refusing to comment about the meeting .	Hearts were refusing to comment about the meetings .	sing_plur	14226
Traffic clogged streets that had not been affected by the flood .	Traffic clogged streets that had not been affected by the floods .	sing_plur	14227
But the ASA banned the cosmetics company from repeating the advert .	But the ASA banned the cosmetics company from repeating the adverts .	sing_plur	14230
You do not lie to the fed .	You do not lie to the feds .	sing_plur	14231
Both she and Mr. Hecht deny the charge .	Both she and Mr. Hecht deny the charges .	sing_plur	14232
It is pathetically adorable when movies express contempt for the suburb .	It is pathetically adorable when movies express contempt for the suburbs .	sing_plur	14233
A low tech approach that faced some precarious moments going up the stair .	A low tech approach that faced some precarious moments going up the stairs .	sing_plur	14234
One stone bears the name of Marc Ferns and Scott McArdle .	One stone bears the names of Marc Ferns and Scott McArdle .	sing_plur	14235
I do not necessarily like it , but those are the fact .	I do not necessarily like it , but those are the facts .	sing_plur	14237
The airlines that come in now get the gate .	The airlines that come in now get the gates .	sing_plur	14238
There are fears the number of missing could run into the hundred .	There are fears the number of missing could run into the hundreds .	sing_plur	14240
And they were going to pave the street .	And they were going to pave the streets .	sing_plur	14242
Ultimately , the top-ranked Trojan survived .	Ultimately , the top-ranked Trojans survived .	sing_plur	14243
The legal situation on the high sea is unclear .	The legal situation on the high seas is unclear .	sing_plur	14244
Such are the privilege of genius .	Such are the privileges of genius .	sing_plur	14245
But the authorities appear ambivalent over the gain .	But the authorities appear ambivalent over the gains .	sing_plur	14246
The Spaniard returned home Friday .	The Spaniards returned home Friday .	sing_plur	14247
But it was unclear whether the minister would approve any changes .	But it was unclear whether the ministers would approve any changes .	sing_plur	14248
Tell her you are proceeding with the plan without her .	Tell her you are proceeding with the plans without her .	sing_plur	14249
I am determined to deliver on the pledge .	I am determined to deliver on the pledges .	sing_plur	14250
" He fully understands the danger of al-Qaida , " Bush said .	" He fully understands the dangers of al-Qaida , " Bush said .	sing_plur	14251
The nurse had big bunches of keys .	The nurses had big bunches of keys .	sing_plur	14252
The report said the doctor tried for 41 minutes to revive her .	The report said the doctors tried for 41 minutes to revive her .	sing_plur	14253
Out came the curling irons and the flat iron .	Out came the curling irons and the flat irons .	sing_plur	14254
Two lost fumbles inside the Detroit 30 yard line were among the negative .	Two lost fumbles inside the Detroit 30 yard line were among the negatives .	sing_plur	14257
He is probably drawing something upside down for the angel .	He is probably drawing something upside down for the angels .	sing_plur	14259
Arum plants have funnel-shaped leaves surrounding the flower .	Arum plants have funnel-shaped leaves surrounding the flowers .	sing_plur	14261
Micha Burden of Alaska won the man 's title .	Micha Burden of Alaska won the men 's title .	sing_plur	14266
It changes the standing .	It changes the standings .	sing_plur	14267
The arrest occurred in Olongapo City and Subic .	The arrests occurred in Olongapo City and Subic .	sing_plur	14269
Initially the monk discouraged public participation and protested alone .	Initially the monks discouraged public participation and protested alone .	sing_plur	14270
Spears and Federline previously shared custody of the boy .	Spears and Federline previously shared custody of the boys .	sing_plur	14271
Using the jammer is illegal in the United States .	Using the jammers is illegal in the United States .	sing_plur	14272
I will keep my focus on the concern of the country .	I will keep my focus on the concerns of the country .	sing_plur	14273
If you are not , you are sitting on the sideline .	If you are not , you are sitting on the sidelines .	sing_plur	14275
The Red acquired him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	The Reds acquired him in the Rule 5 draft before last season .	sing_plur	14276
This is true not only during the holiday but year-round .	This is true not only during the holidays but year-round .	sing_plur	14280
The officer approached the tiger with their handguns .	The officers approached the tiger with their handguns .	sing_plur	14281
The children were allegedly rescued from the war-torn region of Sudan .	The children were allegedly rescued from the war-torn regions of Sudan .	sing_plur	14283
The kid at my screening loved it .	The kids at my screening loved it .	sing_plur	14284
" " The explanation may be complex .	" " The explanations may be complex .	sing_plur	14286
The kiosk will contain all your holiday favorites .	The kiosks will contain all your holiday favorites .	sing_plur	14287
But the rule when it is 138 degrees are different .	But the rules when it is 138 degrees are different .	sing_plur	14289
So she promptly grabbed the kid and left .	So she promptly grabbed the kids and left .	sing_plur	14290
The shirt had no relation to the school .	The shirts had no relation to the school .	sing_plur	14291
High unemployment has prompted many to leave the island .	High unemployment has prompted many to leave the islands .	sing_plur	14292
Police did not release the name of either of the gas station owners .	Police did not release the names of either of the gas station owners .	sing_plur	14293
But the asset they protected were real .	But the assets they protected were real .	sing_plur	14296
So far , one person is known to have died in the flood .	So far , one person is known to have died in the floods .	sing_plur	14298
The Republicans accused the Democrat of irresponsibility .	The Republicans accused the Democrats of irresponsibility .	sing_plur	14299
The dollar See nightly rates above , based on double occupancy .	The dollars See nightly rates above , based on double occupancy .	sing_plur	14302
He took my arm to cross the road .	He took my arm to cross the roads .	sing_plur	14303
The company signed the memorandum in May 2007 .	The companies signed the memorandum in May 2007 .	sing_plur	14308
The researcher said this is the earliest known evidence for pigment use .	The researchers said this is the earliest known evidence for pigment use .	sing_plur	14309
Iran has extended the deadline several times .	Iran has extended the deadlines several times .	sing_plur	14311
Many Spaniards still have serious doubts about who was behind the attack .	Many Spaniards still have serious doubts about who was behind the attacks .	sing_plur	14312
That is not to say that they softened the edge .	That is not to say that they softened the edges .	sing_plur	14313
Forensic tests are being carried out on computers taken from the property .	Forensic tests are being carried out on computers taken from the properties .	sing_plur	14314
And it is integrated across the medium .	And it is integrated across the media .	sing_plur	14316
It was like seeing Bill Clinton in the early day .	It was like seeing Bill Clinton in the early days .	sing_plur	14317
But it is not the guy I came up with .	But it is not the guys I came up with .	sing_plur	14318
Arshad confirmed the attack and casualties , but provided no details .	Arshad confirmed the attacks and casualties , but provided no details .	sing_plur	14319
Others become the target of attacks and land seizures .	Others become the targets of attacks and land seizures .	sing_plur	14321
But we feed our homeless people on the street .	But we feed our homeless people on the streets .	sing_plur	14323
The member of the family go only by their first names .	The members of the family go only by their first names .	sing_plur	14324
If she wins that match she could face her sister in the semifinal .	If she wins that match she could face her sister in the semifinals .	sing_plur	14325
This will cost the team considerable money , but gain considerable good will .	This will cost the teams considerable money , but gain considerable good will .	sing_plur	14326
The study appears in the Proceeding of the National Academy of Sciences .	The study appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .	sing_plur	14327
I am asking the doctor if I should have an operation .	I am asking the doctors if I should have an operation .	sing_plur	14329
Investors in both companies reacted positively to the move .	Investors in both companies reacted positively to the moves .	sing_plur	14331
The letter often included home addresses and telephone numbers .	The letters often included home addresses and telephone numbers .	sing_plur	14332
You cannot blame the admission dons for that .	You cannot blame the admissions dons for that .	sing_plur	14335
The guard opened fire when the vehicle failed to stop .	The guards opened fire when the vehicle failed to stop .	sing_plur	14337
Show your gratitude toward your boss in the comment below .	Show your gratitude toward your boss in the comments below .	sing_plur	14338
It also wants to stay on good terms with the union .	It also wants to stay on good terms with the unions .	sing_plur	14339
That decision is one thing Alastair Campbell cannot blame on the medium .	That decision is one thing Alastair Campbell cannot blame on the media .	sing_plur	14341
Well , the result can be ugly !	Well , the results can be ugly !	sing_plur	14343
Mr. Coppin , however , told the officer he had a gun .	Mr. Coppin , however , told the officers he had a gun .	sing_plur	14344
Jurors should answer the question raised by Lemoine , she said .	Jurors should answer the questions raised by Lemoine , she said .	sing_plur	14348
The spring may not remain bottle clear much longer .	The springs may not remain bottle clear much longer .	sing_plur	14349
Better-than-expected job growth would normally cheer the market .	Better-than-expected job growth would normally cheer the markets .	sing_plur	14350
Lifesaver : Choose hardware-mounted gates for the top and bottom of the stair .	Lifesaver : Choose hardware-mounted gates for the top and bottom of the stairs .	sing_plur	14353
Despite the misgiving , VW decided to find out .	Despite the misgivings , VW decided to find out .	sing_plur	14354
We do not know , of course , the specific .	We do not know , of course , the specifics .	sing_plur	14356
You might try downloading the latest driver for your CD burner .	You might try downloading the latest drivers for your CD burner .	sing_plur	14358
The share will be locked up for five years .	The shares will be locked up for five years .	sing_plur	14360
Chaigneau said Cerda can again file charges if he corrects the error .	Chaigneau said Cerda can again file charges if he corrects the errors .	sing_plur	14361
We still have the same problem as before .	We still have the same problems as before .	sing_plur	14363
Hungarian Health Minister Agnes Horvath is on the side of the critic .	Hungarian Health Minister Agnes Horvath is on the side of the critics .	sing_plur	14365
Names of the victim had not been released .	Names of the victims had not been released .	sing_plur	14366
They were supposed to defy the conventional rule .	They were supposed to defy the conventional rules .	sing_plur	14367
Saha took his concerns to the highest level of the bank .	Saha took his concerns to the highest levels of the bank .	sing_plur	14370
The Iraqi government has called the killing deliberate .	The Iraqi government has called the killings deliberate .	sing_plur	14371
But I think it is all in service of the performance .	But I think it is all in service of the performances .	sing_plur	14372
The flame spread to a nearby house and caused damage .	The flames spread to a nearby house and caused damage .	sing_plur	14373
Michael Devlin was a cunning manipulator of the child upon whom he preyed .	Michael Devlin was a cunning manipulator of the children upon whom he preyed .	sing_plur	14374
The finding also indicated that younger men were more open-minded .	The findings also indicated that younger men were more open-minded .	sing_plur	14375
William 's girlfriend Kate Middleton received a boost from the poll .	William 's girlfriend Kate Middleton received a boost from the polls .	sing_plur	14376
Over the year the siding had splintered , and the trellises had sagged .	Over the years the siding had splintered , and the trellises had sagged .	sing_plur	14379
Samuel Dalembert had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the 76er .	Samuel Dalembert had 15 points and 10 rebounds for the 76ers .	sing_plur	14380
So they were the one who usually got blown up .	So they were the ones who usually got blown up .	sing_plur	14382
No one stirred on the street .	No one stirred on the streets .	sing_plur	14383
The report said the doctor had tried for 41 minutes to revive her .	The report said the doctors had tried for 41 minutes to revive her .	sing_plur	14384
They continue to be the right decision .	They continue to be the right decisions .	sing_plur	14385
Torre left the Yankee after 12 seasons and four World Series titles .	Torre left the Yankees after 12 seasons and four World Series titles .	sing_plur	14386
The overdose highlight the high risk of relapse .	The overdoses highlight the high risk of relapse .	sing_plur	14388
The former Soviet Union defied the ban and hunted humpbacks until 1973 .	The former Soviet Union defied the bans and hunted humpbacks until 1973 .	sing_plur	14390
Michael Reimers of Gresham , Oregon MREs are the fancy one .	Michael Reimers of Gresham , Oregon MREs are the fancy ones .	sing_plur	14392
Haas advanced to the quarterfinal for the third time in four years .	Haas advanced to the quarterfinals for the third time in four years .	sing_plur	14395
The administration expects the cut to save $ 41.6 million .	The administration expects the cuts to save $ 41.6 million .	sing_plur	14396
The Aussie and the kiwi boast the highest rate among industrialized countries .	The Aussie and the kiwi boast the highest rates among industrialized countries .	sing_plur	14399
The government said the resignation would have no effect on Saturday 's vote .	The government said the resignations would have no effect on Saturday 's vote .	sing_plur	14400
They understood the lesson from the tragedy earlier this year .	They understood the lessons from the tragedy earlier this year .	sing_plur	14402
The plan included a toilet block and car parking .	The plans included a toilet block and car parking .	sing_plur	14403
The provincial assembly will end their terms Nov. 20 .	The provincial assemblies will end their terms Nov. 20 .	sing_plur	14404
Controversy has been growing about the circumstance of Bhutto 's death .	Controversy has been growing about the circumstances of Bhutto 's death .	sing_plur	14405
Despite the price , there seems to be no shortage of buyers .	Despite the prices , there seems to be no shortage of buyers .	sing_plur	14406
We have selected candidates in most of the seat .	We have selected candidates in most of the seats .	sing_plur	14407
Mugabe also began laying the foundation of a one-party state .	Mugabe also began laying the foundations of a one-party state .	sing_plur	14408
The Red won the World Series that year .	The Reds won the World Series that year .	sing_plur	14409
A Chrysler spokeswoman declined comment on the talk .	A Chrysler spokeswoman declined comment on the talks .	sing_plur	14411
But the celebration also highlight an issue looming ever larger for Japanese society .	But the celebrations also highlight an issue looming ever larger for Japanese society .	sing_plur	14412
The national final will be held later this year .	The national finals will be held later this year .	sing_plur	14415
There is no simple interpretation of the finding .	There is no simple interpretation of the findings .	sing_plur	14416
" This is just politics , " Safir said of the attack .	" This is just politics , " Safir said of the attacks .	sing_plur	14419
The authority did not identify the dead man .	The authorities did not identify the dead man .	sing_plur	14420
Each of the candidate took a hard stance against China .	Each of the candidates took a hard stance against China .	sing_plur	14421
The coroner is powerless and the photographers are boycotting the proceeding .	The coroner is powerless and the photographers are boycotting the proceedings .	sing_plur	14423
But the charge cannot be dismissed as just media froth .	But the charges cannot be dismissed as just media froth .	sing_plur	14424
Templeton concluded that Higazy was being evasive in his answers about the attack .	Templeton concluded that Higazy was being evasive in his answers about the attacks .	sing_plur	14426
Insert the olive into the radishes .	Insert the olives into the radishes .	sing_plur	14427
The existing provision can be used to deal with vexatious requests .	The existing provisions can be used to deal with vexatious requests .	sing_plur	14428
The local authorities have bought and demolished some of the building .	The local authorities have bought and demolished some of the buildings .	sing_plur	14429
I am afraid of the medium .	I am afraid of the media .	sing_plur	14430
Lower-level ARCA teams have been buying some of the racecar .	Lower-level ARCA teams have been buying some of the racecars .	sing_plur	14435
" I 'll follow the rule , " she said .	" I 'll follow the rules , " she said .	sing_plur	14437
And the polyphenol shrank existing tumors by 43 percent .	And the polyphenols shrank existing tumors by 43 percent .	sing_plur	14438
They should recover nicely in time for the holiday .	They should recover nicely in time for the holidays .	sing_plur	14440
Still , the best act worked hard .	Still , the best acts worked hard .	sing_plur	14441
And the rule should be modified only for the largest market .	And the rule should be modified only for the largest markets .	sing_plur	14442
The Euro conceded the match on the 17th green .	The Euros conceded the match on the 17th green .	sing_plur	14443
Perez has since lost custody of the child .	Perez has since lost custody of the children .	sing_plur	14444
The annual award highlight artistic and scholarly accomplishments .	The annual awards highlight artistic and scholarly accomplishments .	sing_plur	14446
Ms. Lyons said officials had recovered the stolen weapon .	Ms. Lyons said officials had recovered the stolen weapons .	sing_plur	14448
The man 's event begins on Monday .	The men 's event begins on Monday .	sing_plur	14449
The like of Arsenal and Man Utd would destroy this England side .	The likes of Arsenal and Man Utd would destroy this England side .	sing_plur	14451
The share finished Monday unchanged , at $ 16.50 .	The shares finished Monday unchanged , at $ 16.50 .	sing_plur	14452
The minister also called for better strategies to reduce non-communicable diseases .	The ministers also called for better strategies to reduce non-communicable diseases .	sing_plur	14453
Other regional increases will be announced directly within the local region .	Other regional increases will be announced directly within the local regions .	sing_plur	14454
Most of the city cut usage with voluntary programs .	Most of the cities cut usage with voluntary programs .	sing_plur	14455
The fan liked Dick 's approach and liked his team .	The fans liked Dick 's approach and liked his team .	sing_plur	14456
It was not only private equity that was doing the acquisition .	It was not only private equity that was doing the acquisitions .	sing_plur	14457
Domestic politics are also playing a role in the warm feeling .	Domestic politics are also playing a role in the warm feelings .	sing_plur	14459
They have said the right thing .	They have said the right things .	sing_plur	14460
The Cavalier used 14 players , and 10 scored .	The Cavaliers used 14 players , and 10 scored .	sing_plur	14465
The risk outlined above should not be construed as exhaustive .	The risks outlined above should not be construed as exhaustive .	sing_plur	14466
Three weeks after being No. 1 , Virginia dropped out of the ranking .	Three weeks after being No. 1 , Virginia dropped out of the rankings .	sing_plur	14467
The official also discussed Iran 's role in financing terror .	The officials also discussed Iran 's role in financing terror .	sing_plur	14468
Actual results may differ materially from the result predicted .	Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted .	sing_plur	14469
Pressure is mounting on the fighter .	Pressure is mounting on the fighters .	sing_plur	14471
That created a vacuum for the religious party to fill .	That created a vacuum for the religious parties to fill .	sing_plur	14473
Mr van Hoogstraten was not present nor legally represented during the civil proceeding .	Mr van Hoogstraten was not present nor legally represented during the civil proceedings .	sing_plur	14474
That would snare all but the richest young folk .	That would snare all but the richest young folks .	sing_plur	14475
They wiggled the card about .	They wiggled the cards about .	sing_plur	14476
Nor are these the only contradiction .	Nor are these the only contradictions .	sing_plur	14477
He was put in charge of choosing the best comment of the week .	He was put in charge of choosing the best comments of the week .	sing_plur	14478
Prosecutors had sought life imprisonment for the defendant .	Prosecutors had sought life imprisonment for the defendants .	sing_plur	14486
Please read our Terms and Conditions for the full term of our rights .	Please read our Terms and Conditions for the full terms of our rights .	sing_plur	14487
Warburg Pincus and its affiliates declined to discuss the citation .	Warburg Pincus and its affiliates declined to discuss the citations .	sing_plur	14488
The Freedman 's Bureau opened public schools for black students .	The Freedmen 's Bureau opened public schools for black students .	sing_plur	14489
The man rated the least fertile women as having the sexiest walks .	The men rated the least fertile women as having the sexiest walks .	sing_plur	14490
Don 't understand the sob .	Don 't understand the sobs .	sing_plur	14494
The Quaker still had one final chance .	The Quakers still had one final chance .	sing_plur	14495
Full titles are shown in the table .	Full titles are shown in the tables .	sing_plur	14496
Or so say the author .	Or so say the authors .	sing_plur	14497
For the other , there is a three-months notice .	For the others , there is a three-months notice .	sing_plur	14500
It is not just the bloke .	It is not just the blokes .	sing_plur	14501
But non-relatives also used the contract .	But non-relatives also used the contracts .	sing_plur	14502
It was the Romantic who stressed subjectivity .	It was the Romantics who stressed subjectivity .	sing_plur	14503
Fred Wilpon is pained right now at the development .	Fred Wilpon is pained right now at the developments .	sing_plur	14504
" Inhuman , " chorus the human-rights campaigner .	" Inhuman , " chorus the human-rights campaigners .	sing_plur	14505
' " The bacterium is E. coli 0157 : H7 .	' " The bacteria is E. coli 0157 : H7 .	sing_plur	14506
No functioning government Evading the pirate is only the beginning .	No functioning government Evading the pirates is only the beginning .	sing_plur	14509
Holliday has the credential .	Holliday has the credentials .	sing_plur	14513
We are the one in the driver 's seat .	We are the ones in the driver 's seat .	sing_plur	14514
Single supplement is double the cabin rate , minus the tax .	Single supplement is double the cabin rate , minus the taxes .	sing_plur	14516
Pre-skim music comes from Murky Waters and the Red Topped Tosser .	Pre-skim music comes from Murky Waters and the Red Topped Tossers .	sing_plur	14517
The executive decided to take $ 19 million out of our pension fund .	The executives decided to take $ 19 million out of our pension fund .	sing_plur	14519
Take the whole family : the portions are enormous and the price low .	Take the whole family : the portions are enormous and the prices low .	sing_plur	14520
China expressed regret at the outcome of the talk .	China expressed regret at the outcome of the talks .	sing_plur	14522
Even " Early Sunday Morning " owes something to the movie .	Even " Early Sunday Morning " owes something to the movies .	sing_plur	14524
The teacher began to bounce .	The teachers began to bounce .	sing_plur	14525
" I do not know the circumstance , " he said .	" I do not know the circumstances , " he said .	sing_plur	14527
If so , this New Yorker is ready for the suburb .	If so , this New Yorker is ready for the suburbs .	sing_plur	14528
The one-year offer and the playoff bonus system were the decisive factor .	The one-year offer and the playoff bonus system were the decisive factors .	sing_plur	14529
The final deadline for East Coast newspapers had come and gone .	The final deadlines for East Coast newspapers had come and gone .	sing_plur	14530
Mr. John and Mr. Dhawan negotiated the bureaucratic hurdle .	Mr. John and Mr. Dhawan negotiated the bureaucratic hurdles .	sing_plur	14531
If the old times unnerve you , welcome to the new time .	If the old times unnerve you , welcome to the new times .	sing_plur	14533
He refused to provide the name of any of the suspects .	He refused to provide the names of any of the suspects .	sing_plur	14534
The twin had irresistible , ebullient personalities .	The twins had irresistible , ebullient personalities .	sing_plur	14535
Roosa said issues involving the plaintiff had been resolved .	Roosa said issues involving the plaintiffs had been resolved .	sing_plur	14538
Current housing officials declined to comment about the site .	Current housing officials declined to comment about the sites .	sing_plur	14540
But the trend indicated the BJP had not lost much ground .	But the trends indicated the BJP had not lost much ground .	sing_plur	14541
And with that , the negotiation began .	And with that , the negotiations began .	sing_plur	14542
MANY studies have highlighted the benefit of breastfeeding .	MANY studies have highlighted the benefits of breastfeeding .	sing_plur	14543
The risk of Pakistan imploding have once again increased .	The risks of Pakistan imploding have once again increased .	sing_plur	14544
The Senator ( 10-1-0 ) almost blew it without him .	The Senators ( 10-1-0 ) almost blew it without him .	sing_plur	14545
Now we get the detector in first .	Now we get the detectors in first .	sing_plur	14546
And from the steroid , he said .	And from the steroids , he said .	sing_plur	14547
The proposal will define tightly the descriptions applied to Scotch whisky .	The proposals will define tightly the descriptions applied to Scotch whisky .	sing_plur	14550
The problem created by global warming might thus become part of the solution .	The problems created by global warming might thus become part of the solution .	sing_plur	14552
She obliged him by gently spitting the nut into his hand .	She obliged him by gently spitting the nuts into his hand .	sing_plur	14554
Look at the door , windows , roof , concrete -- everything .	Look at the doors , windows , roof , concrete -- everything .	sing_plur	14555
I think we just want to enjoy some of the memory .	I think we just want to enjoy some of the memories .	sing_plur	14556
The probe should be complete in the coming weeks , the source said .	The probe should be complete in the coming weeks , the sources said .	sing_plur	14557
Police continued to search for the other .	Police continued to search for the others .	sing_plur	14558
It helps the athlete because it helps the adrenaline .	It helps the athletes because it helps the adrenaline .	sing_plur	14560
" " We are training the African to work .	" " We are training the Africans to work .	sing_plur	14561
Antihistamines increase the risk a child will stop breathing .	Antihistamines increase the risks a child will stop breathing .	sing_plur	14562
But the vote was condemned by the guerrilla .	But the vote was condemned by the guerrillas .	sing_plur	14563
When more funds became available , the payment began .	When more funds became available , the payments began .	sing_plur	14564
" " There was a loud bang and the window smashed .	" " There was a loud bang and the windows smashed .	sing_plur	14567
Karzai and Bush talked on the sideline of the U.N. General Assembly .	Karzai and Bush talked on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly .	sing_plur	14568
I think the lender should be sued for malpractice .	I think the lenders should be sued for malpractice .	sing_plur	14570
The share will also be offered globally to some institutional investors .	The shares will also be offered globally to some institutional investors .	sing_plur	14572
And now we want the key back .	And now we want the keys back .	sing_plur	14573
There are the well-known break with his party 's leadership .	There are the well-known breaks with his party 's leadership .	sing_plur	14576
It is the musician of a premier American orchestra .	It is the musicians of a premier American orchestra .	sing_plur	14577
Additionally , the test may not be accurate .	Additionally , the tests may not be accurate .	sing_plur	14578
Actress Louis-Dreyfus joined the protester .	Actress Louis-Dreyfus joined the protesters .	sing_plur	14580
The terminal used to print the stolen tickets were never found .	The terminals used to print the stolen tickets were never found .	sing_plur	14581
The company acquired the right to the book in June .	The company acquired the rights to the book in June .	sing_plur	14583
The junta had finally lashed out against the protester .	The junta had finally lashed out against the protesters .	sing_plur	14584
The best brain must reside within the Beltway .	The best brains must reside within the Beltway .	sing_plur	14585
The professional man left 25 minutes later .	The professional men left 25 minutes later .	sing_plur	14586
It was a great fight for the fan .	It was a great fight for the fans .	sing_plur	14588
There is a lot of animosity and bitterness between staff since the sacking .	There is a lot of animosity and bitterness between staff since the sackings .	sing_plur	14589
Maybe another day we can speak about the injury .	Maybe another day we can speak about the injuries .	sing_plur	14591
Ms. Choi would have preferred living higher in the mountain .	Ms. Choi would have preferred living higher in the mountains .	sing_plur	14592
But the failure of past politicians can present opportunities to the new generation .	But the failures of past politicians can present opportunities to the new generation .	sing_plur	14595
Mr. Capeci said he looked for the tape anyway .	Mr. Capeci said he looked for the tapes anyway .	sing_plur	14596
It appears to have little support among the student .	It appears to have little support among the students .	sing_plur	14597
So it was on to the award .	So it was on to the awards .	sing_plur	14598
The news was downplayed by the Zimbabwean medium .	The news was downplayed by the Zimbabwean media .	sing_plur	14602
The victory moved the Americans into position to qualify for the quarterfinal .	The victory moved the Americans into position to qualify for the quarterfinals .	sing_plur	14603
" " A strengthened management team are tackling the issue .	" " A strengthened management team are tackling the issues .	sing_plur	14608
Rita is the most toxic of the evil sister .	Rita is the most toxic of the evil sisters .	sing_plur	14609
But Hillary has owned the debate to date .	But Hillary has owned the debates to date .	sing_plur	14610
Baboon watchers are subject to the same hazard .	Baboon watchers are subject to the same hazards .	sing_plur	14611
The observance came amid widespread flooding in parts of Indonesia .	The observances came amid widespread flooding in parts of Indonesia .	sing_plur	14612
I had to put the brake on my text messaging .	I had to put the brakes on my text messaging .	sing_plur	14613
" The facts are the fact , " he said .	" The facts are the facts , " he said .	sing_plur	14614
Other campaigns also shield the candidate from the press when possible .	Other campaigns also shield the candidates from the press when possible .	sing_plur	14615
The immigrant arrested were mostly from Mexico and Guatemala .	The immigrants arrested were mostly from Mexico and Guatemala .	sing_plur	14618
They should be confronted with the consequence of their position .	They should be confronted with the consequences of their position .	sing_plur	14621
Reports say the pilgrim shouted slogans against Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .	Reports say the pilgrims shouted slogans against Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak .	sing_plur	14624
The blast could be heard throughout the area .	The blasts could be heard throughout the area .	sing_plur	14626
We waited for our bobbers to race across the wavelet .	We waited for our bobbers to race across the wavelets .	sing_plur	14627
The number looked strong for South Carolina .	The numbers looked strong for South Carolina .	sing_plur	14628
But not everyone has reaped the benefit .	But not everyone has reaped the benefits .	sing_plur	14631
The change will be phased in between 2014 and 2017 .	The changes will be phased in between 2014 and 2017 .	sing_plur	14634
The installation cost $ 90 million .	The installations cost $ 90 million .	sing_plur	14635
I remember the resolution I made when I was younger .	I remember the resolutions I made when I was younger .	sing_plur	14637
The zebra , however , go anywhere .	The zebras , however , go anywhere .	sing_plur	14639
Sometimes our own guys blow down doors to the wrong home .	Sometimes our own guys blow down doors to the wrong homes .	sing_plur	14641
The host will be confirmed by early 2008 .	The hosts will be confirmed by early 2008 .	sing_plur	14643
The sandwich looked good .	The sandwiches looked good .	sing_plur	14644
It is the ritual .	It is the rituals .	sing_plur	14646
The Athenian maidens dominate ; they are bossier and louder than the boy .	The Athenian maidens dominate ; they are bossier and louder than the boys .	sing_plur	14648
The amount can be significant .	The amounts can be significant .	sing_plur	14650
The lawsuit accuses the company of steering black borrowers into subprime loans .	The lawsuit accuses the companies of steering black borrowers into subprime loans .	sing_plur	14651
The level of the damage will be fixed later this month .	The level of the damages will be fixed later this month .	sing_plur	14652
The circumstance surrounding the negatives are also the stuff of photojournalist legend .	The circumstances surrounding the negatives are also the stuff of photojournalist legend .	sing_plur	14655
But the joke was on the skeptic .	But the joke was on the skeptics .	sing_plur	14656
They misled the grand jury ; they misunderstood the rule of racing .	They misled the grand jury ; they misunderstood the rules of racing .	sing_plur	14659
Elia Estrada , 35 , is suffering the consequence .	Elia Estrada , 35 , is suffering the consequences .	sing_plur	14661
It is the sacred homer we really care about , not the drug .	It is the sacred homer we really care about , not the drugs .	sing_plur	14662
They say the museum approached the dealers , not the other way around .	They say the museums approached the dealers , not the other way around .	sing_plur	14665
The Conservative only benefited because Bane was mentally ill .	The Conservatives only benefited because Bane was mentally ill .	sing_plur	14666
A recent World Bank study suggests poverty is declining in the rural area .	A recent World Bank study suggests poverty is declining in the rural areas .	sing_plur	14670
He said police were awaiting the result of further forensic tests .	He said police were awaiting the results of further forensic tests .	sing_plur	14671
The African ancestor of Florida 's harvestmen came along for the ride .	The African ancestors of Florida 's harvestmen came along for the ride .	sing_plur	14674
The case also caught the attention of Amnesty International .	The cases also caught the attention of Amnesty International .	sing_plur	14675
Holmgren said Downie was remorseful and understands the ramification of his actions .	Holmgren said Downie was remorseful and understands the ramifications of his actions .	sing_plur	14677
It had 682 inmates at the time of the inspection .	It had 682 inmates at the time of the inspections .	sing_plur	14678
But the term suits more than the song .	But the term suits more than the songs .	sing_plur	14679
The family would all be paying appropriate premiums and co-payments .	The families would all be paying appropriate premiums and co-payments .	sing_plur	14680
He is a registered pilot and knows the consequence of this .	He is a registered pilot and knows the consequences of this .	sing_plur	14682
The woman , it seemed , became something like equals .	The women , it seemed , became something like equals .	sing_plur	14684
I think the memorial should continue .	I think the memorials should continue .	sing_plur	14687
Marci Franz lives two houses south of the duplex where the shooting occurred .	Marci Franz lives two houses south of the duplex where the shootings occurred .	sing_plur	14688
The plan sparked street protests and 15,000 written objections from opponents .	The plans sparked street protests and 15,000 written objections from opponents .	sing_plur	14689
With the tomato , though , you cannot compromise .	With the tomatoes , though , you cannot compromise .	sing_plur	14690
Mercer had the Trojan in trouble early .	Mercer had the Trojans in trouble early .	sing_plur	14691
Notes : Philadelphia 's starters came down through the stand during pregame introductions .	Notes : Philadelphia 's starters came down through the stands during pregame introductions .	sing_plur	14693
The impact on the family left behind is worrying for the authorities .	The impact on the families left behind is worrying for the authorities .	sing_plur	14695
He made the controversial assertion in an interview in The Sunday Times .	He made the controversial assertions in an interview in The Sunday Times .	sing_plur	14697
They do not really like having the lobbyist in here .	They do not really like having the lobbyists in here .	sing_plur	14698
No monthly subscriptions are required to keep the device running .	No monthly subscriptions are required to keep the devices running .	sing_plur	14699
The girl started missing school .	The girls started missing school .	sing_plur	14700
It can often be as entertaining as watching the match .	It can often be as entertaining as watching the matches .	sing_plur	14701
Other experts described the finding as an important breakthrough .	Other experts described the findings as an important breakthrough .	sing_plur	14703
Coughlin , counterintuitively , loosened the screw .	Coughlin , counterintuitively , loosened the screws .	sing_plur	14704
Sonnenfeld asked the exec .	Sonnenfeld asked the execs .	sing_plur	14705
Whoever wins the nomination , it will be a brutal battle .	Whoever wins the nominations , it will be a brutal battle .	sing_plur	14706
In the year since , that fear has evolved into understanding .	In the years since , that fear has evolved into understanding .	sing_plur	14707
" But we use the same raw material , " he says .	" But we use the same raw materials , " he says .	sing_plur	14709
Tehran and Damascus deny the charge .	Tehran and Damascus deny the charges .	sing_plur	14710
I am extremely proud of the young player .	I am extremely proud of the young players .	sing_plur	14711
It was the first time a bomb has exploded in the Maldive .	It was the first time a bomb has exploded in the Maldives .	sing_plur	14714
The Niner suffered its seventh straight loss .	The Niners suffered its seventh straight loss .	sing_plur	14715
Teenagers need to know the limit .	Teenagers need to know the limits .	sing_plur	14718
The datum could include power consumption , operating temperature and more .	The data could include power consumption , operating temperature and more .	sing_plur	14719
And it has been great for the parent , too .	And it has been great for the parents , too .	sing_plur	14721
But this is not to underestimate the risk .	But this is not to underestimate the risks .	sing_plur	14723
You can keep the royalty !	You can keep the royalties !	sing_plur	14724
Consumers also may remove the device for a more standard refrigerator facade .	Consumers also may remove the devices for a more standard refrigerator facade .	sing_plur	14725
But his proposals were shelved by the planner .	But his proposals were shelved by the planners .	sing_plur	14726
State leaders rejected the complaint .	State leaders rejected the complaints .	sing_plur	14727
She said there is reason for optimism about the finding .	She said there is reason for optimism about the findings .	sing_plur	14729
The model failed the clothes .	The models failed the clothes .	sing_plur	14730
I believe this project is a great opportunity for the resident .	I believe this project is a great opportunity for the residents .	sing_plur	14731
Abels has served on the board of several Charlotte-area civic organizations .	Abels has served on the boards of several Charlotte-area civic organizations .	sing_plur	14732
Traffic clogs the intersection .	Traffic clogs the intersections .	sing_plur	14733
The garment will be auctioned off on eBay next month .	The garments will be auctioned off on eBay next month .	sing_plur	14734
Now , zoos are paying a hefty price to borrow the cuddly creature .	Now , zoos are paying a hefty price to borrow the cuddly creatures .	sing_plur	14735
I share their goals of aggressive actions to stop the terrorist .	I share their goals of aggressive actions to stop the terrorists .	sing_plur	14737
Many of the writing included angry teenage characters and killings .	Many of the writings included angry teenage characters and killings .	sing_plur	14738
She is by far the most hawkish of the current Democratic candidate .	She is by far the most hawkish of the current Democratic candidates .	sing_plur	14739
There are very few women in the stand .	There are very few women in the stands .	sing_plur	14741
The Dutch Foreign Ministry expressed distress at the execution .	The Dutch Foreign Ministry expressed distress at the executions .	sing_plur	14742
Following are the result of yesterday 's auction of five-year Treasury notes .	Following are the results of yesterday 's auction of five-year Treasury notes .	sing_plur	14743
They were all treated for the effect of smoke inhalation .	They were all treated for the effects of smoke inhalation .	sing_plur	14746
The result could also give any underemployed judges and jailers something to do .	The results could also give any underemployed judges and jailers something to do .	sing_plur	14747
Turns out the Jet could throw without Clemens .	Turns out the Jets could throw without Clemens .	sing_plur	14748
The ruling answered the plea of industry executives .	The ruling answered the pleas of industry executives .	sing_plur	14749
Susan now says she lied to the authority .	Susan now says she lied to the authorities .	sing_plur	14751
Either way , the doubt will linger until Russell dispels them .	Either way , the doubts will linger until Russell dispels them .	sing_plur	14754
It opened like the bellow of an accordion .	It opened like the bellows of an accordion .	sing_plur	14755
Ropes and pulleys extend from the ceiling to the bridges .	Ropes and pulleys extend from the ceilings to the bridges .	sing_plur	14756
The answer shown are actual public statements made by Ahmadinejad .	The answers shown are actual public statements made by Ahmadinejad .	sing_plur	14757
However , the cut would not result in a total blackout .	However , the cuts would not result in a total blackout .	sing_plur	14758
But on the other , is the reality of the result .	But on the other , is the reality of the results .	sing_plur	14759
There was fighting in the mountain .	There was fighting in the mountains .	sing_plur	14761
Gone , too , are the lax rule of conduct backstage .	Gone , too , are the lax rules of conduct backstage .	sing_plur	14762
Then the wheel came off in the final yards .	Then the wheels came off in the final yards .	sing_plur	14764
The rival used every opportunity during to preview their message .	The rivals used every opportunity during to preview their message .	sing_plur	14765
The loss would be frequent and probably lopsided .	The losses would be frequent and probably lopsided .	sing_plur	14766
In this way the angel prostrated themselves before Adam .	In this way the angels prostrated themselves before Adam .	sing_plur	14767
She had earlier claimed former army officials were behind the attack .	She had earlier claimed former army officials were behind the attacks .	sing_plur	14769
With the pleasure came pitfalls , of course .	With the pleasures came pitfalls , of course .	sing_plur	14770
It owes its name to the red ochre covering the bone .	It owes its name to the red ochre covering the bones .	sing_plur	14772
Younger performers were more reverent toward the song .	Younger performers were more reverent toward the songs .	sing_plur	14776
They also prevented Mr Thamilselvan 's mother from attending , the rebel said .	They also prevented Mr Thamilselvan 's mother from attending , the rebels said .	sing_plur	14778
His is the longest current hitting streak in the major .	His is the longest current hitting streak in the majors .	sing_plur	14781
The new forecast fell below Wall Street expectations .	The new forecasts fell below Wall Street expectations .	sing_plur	14782
Mike Huckabee and Fred Thompson took advantage of the absence .	Mike Huckabee and Fred Thompson took advantage of the absences .	sing_plur	14784
All were male and between the age of 12 and 13 .	All were male and between the ages of 12 and 13 .	sing_plur	14785
Chris Lawrence has the detail .	Chris Lawrence has the details .	sing_plur	14786
Police started beating the protester and dragging them to trucks .	Police started beating the protesters and dragging them to trucks .	sing_plur	14788
The team looked like they switched uniforms early on .	The teams looked like they switched uniforms early on .	sing_plur	14792
The ticket will be voided electronically , he said .	The tickets will be voided electronically , he said .	sing_plur	14793
The warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cash-less exercise basis .	The warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cash-less exercise basis .	sing_plur	14794
Both the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats have criticised the loan .	Both the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats have criticised the loans .	sing_plur	14796
But , she added , people assured her that the demonstration would continue .	But , she added , people assured her that the demonstrations would continue .	sing_plur	14797
The original intent can get clouded over the year .	The original intent can get clouded over the years .	sing_plur	14798
Some local people welcome the change for that very reason .	Some local people welcome the changes for that very reason .	sing_plur	14800
He did not disclose the specific charge .	He did not disclose the specific charges .	sing_plur	14803
The problem may be spreading .	The problems may be spreading .	sing_plur	14804
He ordered the officer out of his home .	He ordered the officers out of his home .	sing_plur	14806
Gates also criticized Congress ' choppy funding for the war .	Gates also criticized Congress ' choppy funding for the wars .	sing_plur	14807
But since his fall , chaos has reigned on the street .	But since his fall , chaos has reigned on the streets .	sing_plur	14811
This was before the skyscraper .	This was before the skyscrapers .	sing_plur	14812
They did not believe us when we said we would secure the border .	They did not believe us when we said we would secure the borders .	sing_plur	14815
Nicholson did the honour from the spot .	Nicholson did the honours from the spot .	sing_plur	14816
There , Taliban officials handed the hostage over to him .	There , Taliban officials handed the hostages over to him .	sing_plur	14817
In all , more than 2,700 women were involved in the study .	In all , more than 2,700 women were involved in the studies .	sing_plur	14820
The event of the summer will hurt banks in a number of ways .	The events of the summer will hurt banks in a number of ways .	sing_plur	14821
The temperature can reach 86-104 degrees Fahrenheit .	The temperatures can reach 86-104 degrees Fahrenheit .	sing_plur	14822
The position surprised many of his colleagues .	The positions surprised many of his colleagues .	sing_plur	14825
You have an apprenticeship and have to learn the rope .	You have an apprenticeship and have to learn the ropes .	sing_plur	14826
The robber then sped off in an old Mercedes-Benz .	The robbers then sped off in an old Mercedes-Benz .	sing_plur	14827
Durango expressly disclaims a duty to update any of the forward-looking statement .	Durango expressly disclaims a duty to update any of the forward-looking statements .	sing_plur	14828
" They do not have anything , " he said of the survivor .	" They do not have anything , " he said of the survivors .	sing_plur	14829
The Steeler had not allowed a first-half touchdown until Sunday .	The Steelers had not allowed a first-half touchdown until Sunday .	sing_plur	14831
Myanmar has given the block to ONGC Videsh Ltd .	Myanmar has given the blocks to ONGC Videsh Ltd .	sing_plur	14832
However , the researcher said that parents should not be overly alarmed .	However , the researchers said that parents should not be overly alarmed .	sing_plur	14833
Over the next few days the threat continued .	Over the next few days the threats continued .	sing_plur	14835
These are the great imponderable .	These are the great imponderables .	sing_plur	14836
But somehow they are always as content and lovable as the simplest dog .	But somehow they are always as content and lovable as the simplest dogs .	sing_plur	14837
Secondly , that it is done with the Iraqi .	Secondly , that it is done with the Iraqis .	sing_plur	14838
The big picture is the playoff .	The big picture is the playoffs .	sing_plur	14839
The journalist said their equipment was also broken by the attackers .	The journalists said their equipment was also broken by the attackers .	sing_plur	14840
Many of the dealer took notes , and for good reason .	Many of the dealers took notes , and for good reason .	sing_plur	14841
These were among the other development at the court .	These were among the other developments at the court .	sing_plur	14842
In fact the obstruction had multiplied .	In fact the obstructions had multiplied .	sing_plur	14843
In general , the team avoided another round of finger-pointing .	In general , the teams avoided another round of finger-pointing .	sing_plur	14844
As high winds spread the fire , Governor Schwarzenegger requested more Federal help .	As high winds spread the fires , Governor Schwarzenegger requested more Federal help .	sing_plur	14845
1503 - Navigator Christopher Columbus sights the island .	1503 - Navigator Christopher Columbus sights the islands .	sing_plur	14850
But the Maoist wanted the decision taken at once .	But the Maoists wanted the decision taken at once .	sing_plur	14853
There were problems in the other opinion as well .	There were problems in the other opinions as well .	sing_plur	14854
But prospective buyers had just as little luck by going to the bank .	But prospective buyers had just as little luck by going to the banks .	sing_plur	14855
But they 'll act in the best interest of the economy .	But they 'll act in the best interests of the economy .	sing_plur	14857
But the researcher appeared no closer to knowing his name .	But the researchers appeared no closer to knowing his name .	sing_plur	14858
It takes me a little longer to go up the stair .	It takes me a little longer to go up the stairs .	sing_plur	14859
The pesh merga never have problems with the soldier , he said .	The pesh merga never have problems with the soldiers , he said .	sing_plur	14860
There was also little thought of evacuating the suburb .	There was also little thought of evacuating the suburbs .	sing_plur	14866
The scientist wanted to put hundreds of battle stations into orbit .	The scientists wanted to put hundreds of battle stations into orbit .	sing_plur	14868
Regina Smith eats seafood when she is feeling down in the dump .	Regina Smith eats seafood when she is feeling down in the dumps .	sing_plur	14869
I felt a bit insecure on the big point .	I felt a bit insecure on the big points .	sing_plur	14871
The actual repayment may vary from the amount shown .	The actual repayments may vary from the amount shown .	sing_plur	14872
But the military presentation left her stunned .	But the military presentations left her stunned .	sing_plur	14875
The Maulana 's JUIF party has considerable influence in the tribal area .	The Maulana 's JUIF party has considerable influence in the tribal areas .	sing_plur	14877
People here say they were never told about the risk .	People here say they were never told about the risks .	sing_plur	14878
We have to build a movement to overcome the special interest .	We have to build a movement to overcome the special interests .	sing_plur	14879
Clark also dabbles in the soft science .	Clark also dabbles in the soft sciences .	sing_plur	14881
When the Smithy threw a party , Paul went .	When the Smithies threw a party , Paul went .	sing_plur	14882
Soy and tofu have protein too , but not the same level .	Soy and tofu have protein too , but not the same levels .	sing_plur	14884
Soon enough , the jocks dislike the nerds , who dislike the cheerleader .	Soon enough , the jocks dislike the nerds , who dislike the cheerleaders .	sing_plur	14885
The test did not turn up any users .	The tests did not turn up any users .	sing_plur	14889
We get explanations that fly in the face of the fact .	We get explanations that fly in the face of the facts .	sing_plur	14891
He said police were still trying to identify the victim .	He said police were still trying to identify the victims .	sing_plur	14892
But environmental experts expressed skepticism that arsonists were behind most of the blaze .	But environmental experts expressed skepticism that arsonists were behind most of the blazes .	sing_plur	14896
Pickups registered as passenger vehicles were allowed on the parkway .	Pickups registered as passenger vehicles were allowed on the parkways .	sing_plur	14898
Insein has held numerous political prisoners over the year .	Insein has held numerous political prisoners over the years .	sing_plur	14900
But the verdict will not lead to sanctions by the league .	But the verdicts will not lead to sanctions by the league .	sing_plur	14901
No wonder most of the candidate ducked it .	No wonder most of the candidates ducked it .	sing_plur	14902
They tied him in the leg .	They tied him in the legs .	sing_plur	14905
The death toll in the quake climbed to at least 17 people .	The death toll in the quakes climbed to at least 17 people .	sing_plur	14910
" " We know we have let the fan down .	" " We know we have let the fans down .	sing_plur	14911
My promise is to provide you with the tool to do that .	My promise is to provide you with the tools to do that .	sing_plur	14912
AS A kid , I dreaded the beginning of summer .	AS A kid , I dreaded the beginnings of summer .	sing_plur	14915
We cannot ignore the fact .	We cannot ignore the facts .	sing_plur	14916
The company said it would respond to the message it receives .	The company said it would respond to the messages it receives .	sing_plur	14917
Ms. Anderson shrugs off the skeptic .	Ms. Anderson shrugs off the skeptics .	sing_plur	14919
The center , in turn , reported any adverse reactions .	The centers , in turn , reported any adverse reactions .	sing_plur	14920
Then came the speech .	Then came the speeches .	sing_plur	14921
A majority of 36 is needed to secure the game .	A majority of 36 is needed to secure the games .	sing_plur	14923
The number he presented pointed to improvements in security .	The numbers he presented pointed to improvements in security .	sing_plur	14924
The pilot did not know what they were carrying .	The pilots did not know what they were carrying .	sing_plur	14926
Between the exquisite composition , they cracked jokes .	Between the exquisite compositions , they cracked jokes .	sing_plur	14927
The Noel themselves took on a hefty mortgage .	The Noels themselves took on a hefty mortgage .	sing_plur	14930
To attend the conference call , please dial in the number below .	To attend the conference call , please dial in the numbers below .	sing_plur	14931
Ditto the Coast Guard , which helps govern the waterway .	Ditto the Coast Guard , which helps govern the waterways .	sing_plur	14932
Many of the bunny appearing in the aforementioned Web sites were abandoned .	Many of the bunnies appearing in the aforementioned Web sites were abandoned .	sing_plur	14933
Other television networks broadcast the clip without the pre-recorded crying .	Other television networks broadcast the clips without the pre-recorded crying .	sing_plur	14934
See , that interests me more than the so-called abstraction .	See , that interests me more than the so-called abstractions .	sing_plur	14935
Even many of his cabinet thought the remark premature .	Even many of his cabinet thought the remarks premature .	sing_plur	14936
The government says a caretaker government will hold the election in January .	The government says a caretaker government will hold the elections in January .	sing_plur	14937
Instead , Bush and Capitol Hill Republicans are turning the screw on Democrats .	Instead , Bush and Capitol Hill Republicans are turning the screws on Democrats .	sing_plur	14939
He defended the policy of rounding up the cat .	He defended the policy of rounding up the cats .	sing_plur	14942
Others fled into the scrubland .	Others fled into the scrublands .	sing_plur	14943
Germany and the Czech Republic have already qualified for the final .	Germany and the Czech Republic have already qualified for the finals .	sing_plur	14944
Rice and Gates said the talk would go forward .	Rice and Gates said the talks would go forward .	sing_plur	14947
The dollar See details above for specific savings on each hotel stay .	The dollars See details above for specific savings on each hotel stay .	sing_plur	14948
NPD officials have denied the allegation .	NPD officials have denied the allegations .	sing_plur	14950
I am not sure where the protest will lead to .	I am not sure where the protests will lead to .	sing_plur	14951
Harder to endure was an endless agony of music piped through the carriage .	Harder to endure was an endless agony of music piped through the carriages .	sing_plur	14952
The gunman demanded money and then opened fire with automatic weapons .	The gunmen demanded money and then opened fire with automatic weapons .	sing_plur	14954
The story of nine patients who successfully underwent bariatric surgery also are told .	The stories of nine patients who successfully underwent bariatric surgery also are told .	sing_plur	14955
This team , Team A , deserves to make the playoff .	This team , Team A , deserves to make the playoffs .	sing_plur	14956
The talk had been scheduled before Larijani was replaced .	The talks had been scheduled before Larijani was replaced .	sing_plur	14957
It was the medium .	It was the media .	sing_plur	14959
References to Redknee refer to the combined operation of those entities .	References to Redknee refer to the combined operations of those entities .	sing_plur	14962
The service will initially be available only on 2G handsets .	The services will initially be available only on 2G handsets .	sing_plur	14965
Some of the industrial product benefiting from the nanocatalysts are toxic chemicals .	Some of the industrial products benefiting from the nanocatalysts are toxic chemicals .	sing_plur	14966
The justice referred to those cases Tuesday in their brief order .	The justices referred to those cases Tuesday in their brief order .	sing_plur	14967
The finding will be published next month in the US journal Astrophysical Journal .	The findings will be published next month in the US journal Astrophysical Journal .	sing_plur	14969
Police are appealing for anyone with information about the incident to contact them .	Police are appealing for anyone with information about the incidents to contact them .	sing_plur	14970
