The victim reportedly sprayed the young man with the hose .	The victim reportedly sprayed the younger man with the hose .	comp_adj	0
Next year , I am definitely going to buy a small one .	Next year , I am definitely going to buy a smaller one .	comp_adj	1
Stock markets overseas bounced high .	Stock markets overseas bounced higher .	comp_adj	2
But I think there is something big at stake here .	But I think there is something bigger at stake here .	comp_adj	3
I have not seen a difference compared to the young ones .	I have not seen a difference compared to the younger ones .	comp_adj	5
" " It is the young generation .	" " It is the younger generation .	comp_adj	6
Here , the service level is high .	Here , the service level is higher .	comp_adj	8
A global carbon tax would be easy to negotiate .	A global carbon tax would be easier to negotiate .	comp_adj	9
Officials predict that in the future those numbers will be high .	Officials predict that in the future those numbers will be higher .	comp_adj	11
Homemakers slightly edge both full- and part-time employed groups with great contentment .	Homemakers slightly edge both full- and part-time employed groups with greater contentment .	comp_adj	12
I have young wives to spend time with .	I have younger wives to spend time with .	comp_adj	13
That usually means teaching in rich neighborhoods .	That usually means teaching in richer neighborhoods .	comp_adj	14
BBC News takes a close look .	BBC News takes a closer look .	comp_adj	15
Couch surfing yields good conversations , he said .	Couch surfing yields better conversations , he said .	comp_adj	16
This increase was primarily due to high average debt levels .	This increase was primarily due to higher average debt levels .	comp_adj	19
Others were small , but still substantial .	Others were smaller , but still substantial .	comp_adj	20
Fifteen percent said they would be likely .	Fifteen percent said they would be likelier .	comp_adj	21
Young children may get nervous if the water is rough .	Younger children may get nervous if the water is rough .	comp_adj	22
Can he persuade reluctant fellow Europeans to accept tough sanctions on Iran ?	Can he persuade reluctant fellow Europeans to accept tougher sanctions on Iran ?	comp_adj	23
Bellway has large four-bedroom detached houses from £ 520,000 .	Bellway has larger four-bedroom detached houses from £ 520,000 .	comp_adj	24
Scribes want to become good scribes .	Scribes want to become better scribes .	comp_adj	25
On came Rosicky and Walcott and Arsenal poured forward with great urgency .	On came Rosicky and Walcott and Arsenal poured forward with greater urgency .	comp_adj	26
The 64-year-old Uniondale resident attempted to defend himself with a vacuum clean hose .	The 64-year-old Uniondale resident attempted to defend himself with a vacuum cleaner hose .	comp_adj	27
Omar was being evacuated to a large hospital , he said .	Omar was being evacuated to a larger hospital , he said .	comp_adj	30
But Morales argues orphanages would be easy to monitor .	But Morales argues orphanages would be easier to monitor .	comp_adj	32
A few of the young ones were even more suspicious .	A few of the younger ones were even more suspicious .	comp_adj	34
This high brightness makes color displays possible .	This higher brightness makes color displays possible .	comp_adj	35
Like many old performers , his star had faded in recent years .	Like many older performers , his star had faded in recent years .	comp_adj	36
The young boy was pronounced dead at a hospital .	The younger boy was pronounced dead at a hospital .	comp_adj	37
I feel strong .	I feel stronger .	comp_adj	39
The Earth is warming from its current cold period .	The Earth is warming from its current colder period .	comp_adj	40
It needs a more dependable and clean power supply .	It needs a more dependable and cleaner power supply .	comp_adj	41
Thomas and Taylor had found themselves in bad holes .	Thomas and Taylor had found themselves in worse holes .	comp_adj	42
A large reduction may be required , Miller said .	A larger reduction may be required , Miller said .	comp_adj	44
The high provision in 2006 reflected increased reserves for identified problem loans .	The higher provision in 2006 reflected increased reserves for identified problem loans .	comp_adj	45
He also shows a soft side .	He also shows a softer side .	comp_adj	46
Euro zone government bond futures also opened high .	Euro zone government bond futures also opened higher .	comp_adj	49
One Hamas policeman dropped to one knee for good aim .	One Hamas policeman dropped to one knee for better aim .	comp_adj	51
But does that mean Iraq is really safe ?	But does that mean Iraq is really safer ?	comp_adj	52
But no , George Bush and Dick Cheney had a good idea .	But no , George Bush and Dick Cheney had a better idea .	comp_adj	53
The NTSB started calling for strict limits on flight hours two decades ago .	The NTSB started calling for stricter limits on flight hours two decades ago .	comp_adj	54
It taught me to be a good listener .	It taught me to be a better listener .	comp_adj	55
They are also durable , safe , and more environmentally friendly .	They are also durable , safer , and more environmentally friendly .	comp_adj	56
We have got a good suggestion .	We have got a better suggestion .	comp_adj	57
The Dow Jones industrial average later recovered to end modestly high .	The Dow Jones industrial average later recovered to end modestly higher .	comp_adj	58
Government advisers say there simply aren 't enough students in high education .	Government advisers say there simply aren 't enough students in higher education .	comp_adj	59
His life mission was to make the planet a good place .	His life mission was to make the planet a better place .	comp_adj	60
City experts have been openly warning that the country faces tough economic times .	City experts have been openly warning that the country faces tougher economic times .	comp_adj	61
That is not to say high yields should be avoided .	That is not to say higher yields should be avoided .	comp_adj	62
Broad stock indicators also declined .	Broader stock indicators also declined .	comp_adj	63
And her recovery from hard workouts has been fast .	And her recovery from hard workouts has been faster .	comp_adj	64
Red squares seemed to cover the low half of the state .	Red squares seemed to cover the lower half of the state .	comp_adj	67
Both sides say their ultimate goal is a good America .	Both sides say their ultimate goal is a better America .	comp_adj	68
" I cannot imagine a good job , " said Braidigan .	" I cannot imagine a better job , " said Braidigan .	comp_adj	70
Discount retailers like Wal-Mart and Target could benefit from these tough economic times .	Discount retailers like Wal-Mart and Target could benefit from these tougher economic times .	comp_adj	71
We are not afraid of being put under great scrutiny .	We are not afraid of being put under greater scrutiny .	comp_adj	72
Broad stock indicators also pulled back Wednesday .	Broader stock indicators also pulled back Wednesday .	comp_adj	73
We are prepared also to have tough European sanctions .	We are prepared also to have tougher European sanctions .	comp_adj	74
This is just a clever building .	This is just a cleverer building .	comp_adj	76
Some market watchers had been looking for a large increase in production .	Some market watchers had been looking for a larger increase in production .	comp_adj	77
I am embarrassed about being naked now that I am old .	I am embarrassed about being naked now that I am older .	comp_adj	78
Others are " pulled " by jobs and good wages .	Others are " pulled " by jobs and better wages .	comp_adj	81
However , others admitted that Knox had a wild side .	However , others admitted that Knox had a wilder side .	comp_adj	82
Close Ryan Dempster was a nervous mess .	Closer Ryan Dempster was a nervous mess .	comp_adj	84
Syria seeks close ties with Egypt .	Syria seeks closer ties with Egypt .	comp_adj	85
The connection has served the young Hu well .	The connection has served the younger Hu well .	comp_adj	87
Shah said information concerning their whereabouts has grown scarce and less reliable .	Shah said information concerning their whereabouts has grown scarcer and less reliable .	comp_adj	88
They just have posh names .	They just have posher names .	comp_adj	90
It makes the blockage , and the disease , bad .	It makes the blockage , and the disease , worse .	comp_adj	92
Tuesday 's anniversary has renewed questions about whether the country is safe today .	Tuesday 's anniversary has renewed questions about whether the country is safer today .	comp_adj	94
That may be a significant burden for small loans .	That may be a significant burden for smaller loans .	comp_adj	95
Low US interest rates would make the dollar less attractive .	Lower US interest rates would make the dollar less attractive .	comp_adj	98
" We are safe today because of her leadership , " he said .	" We are safer today because of her leadership , " he said .	comp_adj	99
Develop good relationships .	Develop better relationships .	comp_adj	100
Some steps would be broad .	Some steps would be broader .	comp_adj	101
Cheap imports raise households ' real incomes , fuelling consumption .	Cheaper imports raise households ' real incomes , fuelling consumption .	comp_adj	102
I pray for a good day every day for everyone .	I pray for a better day every day for everyone .	comp_adj	104
The small interactive-media division reported third-quarter sales of $ 9.7 million .	The smaller interactive-media division reported third-quarter sales of $ 9.7 million .	comp_adj	105
I think good things are going to happen .	I think better things are going to happen .	comp_adj	107
That deal also saw Cathay take over small rival Dragonair .	That deal also saw Cathay take over smaller rival Dragonair .	comp_adj	110
Broad stock fell .	Broader stock fell .	comp_adj	111
Tennessee and Houston especially looked strong I thought .	Tennessee and Houston especially looked stronger I thought .	comp_adj	112
You could not wish to meet a nice man .	You could not wish to meet a nicer man .	comp_adj	115
They belong to a troubled new class of diabetes treatments .	They belong to a troubled newer class of diabetes treatments .	comp_adj	116
We get healthy water and Coca-Cola has ingredients for fine products .	We get healthier water and Coca-Cola has ingredients for fine products .	comp_adj	120
But it is close to the opposite .	But it is closer to the opposite .	comp_adj	121
Research has shown that flu epidemics spread to adults from young children .	Research has shown that flu epidemics spread to adults from younger children .	comp_adj	123
The bulimic women had low levels of the chemical .	The bulimic women had lower levels of the chemical .	comp_adj	124
We kept climbing high and found a ledge .	We kept climbing higher and found a ledge .	comp_adj	126
" Daw " is an honorific used in referring to old women .	" Daw " is an honorific used in referring to older women .	comp_adj	131
Chutki 's story is light .	Chutki 's story is lighter .	comp_adj	132
Where artists from both shows overlap , American occasionally outdoes the large exhibition .	Where artists from both shows overlap , American occasionally outdoes the larger exhibition .	comp_adj	133
A broad index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	A broader index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	comp_adj	134
The old Fielder hit 51 with the Detroit Tigers in 1990 .	The elder Fielder hit 51 with the Detroit Tigers in 1990 .	comp_adj	135
The company is offering free repairs for cribs with old hardware .	The company is offering free repairs for cribs with older hardware .	comp_adj	136
This gives us a good foundation .	This gives us a better foundation .	comp_adj	138
PPO plans require high coinsurance payments out of network .	PPO plans require higher coinsurance payments out of network .	comp_adj	139
ER-negative tumors are resistant to such therapies and hard to treat .	ER-negative tumors are resistant to such therapies and harder to treat .	comp_adj	140
True words were never spoken .	Truer words were never spoken .	comp_adj	141
The old one considered it with increasing interest .	The older one considered it with increasing interest .	comp_adj	142
But the 27.8-inch seat height favors those with short inseams .	But the 27.8-inch seat height favors those with shorter inseams .	comp_adj	143
Small studies found improved patient satisfaction and quality of care .	Smaller studies found improved patient satisfaction and quality of care .	comp_adj	144
Her lead is strong in New Hampshire , the other early-voting state .	Her lead is stronger in New Hampshire , the other early-voting state .	comp_adj	146
The low year-over-year results were not unexpected .	The lower year-over-year results were not unexpected .	comp_adj	147
Recently , I think the support has gotten strong .	Recently , I think the support has gotten stronger .	comp_adj	148
Small such plants are in operation across the state .	Smaller such plants are in operation across the state .	comp_adj	151
" We could obviously use a good definition , " Davis said .	" We could obviously use a better definition , " Davis said .	comp_adj	152
Mr. Wex raised a broad challenge .	Mr. Wex raised a broader challenge .	comp_adj	153
But some of the Arbitration Review Board results were murky .	But some of the Arbitration Review Board results were murkier .	comp_adj	154
Also chocolate lovers had low levels of the bad cholesterol , LDL .	Also chocolate lovers had lower levels of the bad cholesterol , LDL .	comp_adj	155
Harvard students preferred a rough , rugby-style approach .	Harvard students preferred a rougher , rugby-style approach .	comp_adj	157
But other foods have gotten salty .	But other foods have gotten saltier .	comp_adj	158
Broad stock indexes also fell .	Broader stock indexes also fell .	comp_adj	161
Broad stock indicators also fell .	Broader stock indicators also fell .	comp_adj	162
Congress is considering other protections that are strong in many ways .	Congress is considering other protections that are stronger in many ways .	comp_adj	163
Low interest rates undermine the dollar .	Lower interest rates undermine the dollar .	comp_adj	164
The male is small and more brown in colour .	The male is smaller and more brown in colour .	comp_adj	165
Now , she thinks that figure is close to 50 percent .	Now , she thinks that figure is closer to 50 percent .	comp_adj	167
LONDON - Sahara the Arctic seal keeps turning up in warm waters .	LONDON - Sahara the Arctic seal keeps turning up in warmer waters .	comp_adj	169
The two bonded and James gained a great respect for Bryant 's game .	The two bonded and James gained a greater respect for Bryant 's game .	comp_adj	170
Too-thick arteries are a sign of high risk for heart attack .	Too-thick arteries are a sign of higher risk for heart attack .	comp_adj	171
Small waves were recorded farther down the coast .	Smaller waves were recorded farther down the coast .	comp_adj	172
The old Sprader said the last seven were incoming .	The elder Sprader said the last seven were incoming .	comp_adj	174
Not only will parliamentary debate be lively .	Not only will parliamentary debate be livelier .	comp_adj	175
High order thinking skills , boys appreciate .	Higher order thinking skills , boys appreciate .	comp_adj	178
The manager believes the Faroes odyssey has helped forge a strong team .	The manager believes the Faroes odyssey has helped forge a stronger team .	comp_adj	180
So it has never been easy to negotiate .	So it has never been easier to negotiate .	comp_adj	183
Both companies claim their products are safe .	Both companies claim their products are safer .	comp_adj	184
People from here and the tourists usually wait until it is warm .	People from here and the tourists usually wait until it is warmer .	comp_adj	187
A weak dollar could also pressure consumers by driving up interest rates .	A weaker dollar could also pressure consumers by driving up interest rates .	comp_adj	188
But absence made hearts grow only fond .	But absence made hearts grow only fonder .	comp_adj	190
I needed to take a hard look .	I needed to take a harder look .	comp_adj	192
Will people pay for smooth production quality ?	Will people pay for smoother production quality ?	comp_adj	193
It is significantly high .	It is significantly higher .	comp_adj	196
Will the next generation of corporate women rise high ?	Will the next generation of corporate women rise higher ?	comp_adj	198
The low end of these ranges assumes minimal net asset growth in 2008 .	The lower end of these ranges assumes minimal net asset growth in 2008 .	comp_adj	199
In succeeding years , the hypocrisy just rose to a high level .	In succeeding years , the hypocrisy just rose to a higher level .	comp_adj	200
Only McDonald 's sales volumes are high .	Only McDonald 's sales volumes are higher .	comp_adj	201
" Daw " is a polite term for addressing old women .	" Daw " is a polite term for addressing older women .	comp_adj	202
Some old men carried shot guns and single-bore rifles used for hunting .	Some older men carried shot guns and single-bore rifles used for hunting .	comp_adj	203
Schumacher is the young brother of seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher .	Schumacher is the younger brother of seven-time Formula One champion Michael Schumacher .	comp_adj	204
Is there a good scheme to try first ?	Is there a better scheme to try first ?	comp_adj	205
What is bad ?	What is worse ?	comp_adj	206
Not on close inspection he was not .	Not on closer inspection he was not .	comp_adj	207
Why not , life could end bad .	Why not , life could end worse .	comp_adj	209
Univision , she pointed out , attracts a young audience .	Univision , she pointed out , attracts a younger audience .	comp_adj	210
The US Geological Survey put the quake at a low magnitude of 6.2 .	The US Geological Survey put the quake at a lower magnitude of 6.2 .	comp_adj	211
Q : Does anybody win from the weak dollar ?	Q : Does anybody win from the weaker dollar ?	comp_adj	212
Baghdad is close to Sarajevo than the left has allowed .	Baghdad is closer to Sarajevo than the left has allowed .	comp_adj	215
Those with young brothers showed fairly stable levels of aggression over time .	Those with younger brothers showed fairly stable levels of aggression over time .	comp_adj	216
When a high purpose beckons , death itself must take a back seat .	When a higher purpose beckons , death itself must take a back seat .	comp_adj	217
They are looking sexy .	They are looking sexier .	comp_adj	219
Things like that , it makes me really more strong .	Things like that , it makes me really more stronger .	comp_adj	220
Small units have access to extra space on each floor .	Smaller units have access to extra space on each floor .	comp_adj	222
But surely there are good ways ?	But surely there are better ways ?	comp_adj	223
Another factor was the weak level of hedging rates versus the U.S. dollar .	Another factor was the weaker level of hedging rates versus the U.S. dollar .	comp_adj	224
Such deals could start a broad service decline .	Such deals could start a broader service decline .	comp_adj	226
The deep the orange , the more likely it is malarkey .	The deeper the orange , the more likely it is malarkey .	comp_adj	228
That is a reality we good face .	That is a reality we better face .	comp_adj	231
It could have been bad .	It could have been worse .	comp_adj	232
They force me into good shapes .	They force me into better shapes .	comp_adj	233
This required using patterning tools that used short wavelength UV radiation .	This required using patterning tools that used shorter wavelength UV radiation .	comp_adj	235
A voluminous top makes the bottom half of your body appear slim .	A voluminous top makes the bottom half of your body appear slimmer .	comp_adj	236
But there is a simple argument that is neither pro- nor anti-European .	But there is a simpler argument that is neither pro- nor anti-European .	comp_adj	238
Britain already has high rates of sexually transmitted diseases than other European countries .	Britain already has higher rates of sexually transmitted diseases than other European countries .	comp_adj	239
The big question is how much will his performance improve Seattle 's fortunes .	The bigger question is how much will his performance improve Seattle 's fortunes .	comp_adj	240
So players have a good chance of accessing my games .	So players have a better chance of accessing my games .	comp_adj	241
People with a low BMI also are have a risk for cardiovascular disease .	People with a lower BMI also are have a risk for cardiovascular disease .	comp_adj	242
I tried taping it tight .	I tried taping it tighter .	comp_adj	244
" She is a lot happy , " Allen said .	" She is a lot happier , " Allen said .	comp_adj	245
Easy said than done .	Easier said than done .	comp_adj	246
A high proportion of these events have been reported in Japan .	A higher proportion of these events have been reported in Japan .	comp_adj	248
Small rewards are offered for two other fugitives who are also Serbian citizens .	Smaller rewards are offered for two other fugitives who are also Serbian citizens .	comp_adj	250
But Seinfeld has big problems on his plate .	But Seinfeld has bigger problems on his plate .	comp_adj	252
Casey Janssen retired Melky Cabrera on a ground , finally ending the inning .	Casey Janssen retired Melky Cabrera on a grounder , finally ending the inning .	comp_adj	253
Everyone likes big numbers .	Everyone likes bigger numbers .	comp_adj	255
And he is one of the good defenders in the league .	And he is one of the better defenders in the league .	comp_adj	256
They are definitely a good hockey team , but so are we .	They are definitely a better hockey team , but so are we .	comp_adj	258
The actual number is likely high , as many killings go unreported .	The actual number is likely higher , as many killings go unreported .	comp_adj	259
Other counts differ and some have given high civilian death tolls .	Other counts differ and some have given higher civilian death tolls .	comp_adj	260
He said adding biofuel to home heating oil would help low costs .	He said adding biofuel to home heating oil would help lower costs .	comp_adj	261
Large , endangered fish and other creatures are often caught .	Larger , endangered fish and other creatures are often caught .	comp_adj	262
His hair was short .	His hair was shorter .	comp_adj	263
But those countries had low productivity rates .	But those countries had lower productivity rates .	comp_adj	264
Many other U.S. zoos have significantly high walls around their tigers .	Many other U.S. zoos have significantly higher walls around their tigers .	comp_adj	265
That agreement collapsed as losses mounted from risky home loans .	That agreement collapsed as losses mounted from riskier home loans .	comp_adj	266
Helicopters searched the surrounding hills to rescue residents who fled to high ground .	Helicopters searched the surrounding hills to rescue residents who fled to higher ground .	comp_adj	267
Many people reject his argument as simplistic , if not bad .	Many people reject his argument as simplistic , if not worse .	comp_adj	268
Identifying an individual figure is tricky .	Identifying an individual figure is trickier .	comp_adj	269
Now other companies are setting up high hurdles .	Now other companies are setting up higher hurdles .	comp_adj	270
The Israelis sought a vague , nonbinding agreement .	The Israelis sought a vaguer , nonbinding agreement .	comp_adj	271
The high yen also canceled a part of repatriated export profits .	The higher yen also canceled a part of repatriated export profits .	comp_adj	272
Roche argued that Amgen 's new patents were invalid .	Roche argued that Amgen 's newer patents were invalid .	comp_adj	273
They are proposing high taxes on cigars and cigarettes .	They are proposing higher taxes on cigars and cigarettes .	comp_adj	276
Coco Pazzo , a buzzy family restaurant , is good value .	Coco Pazzo , a buzzy family restaurant , is better value .	comp_adj	277
Only 28 percent want regional states and a weak federal government .	Only 28 percent want regional states and a weaker federal government .	comp_adj	281
The Diamondbacks , if anything , are young .	The Diamondbacks , if anything , are younger .	comp_adj	282
Our diplomacy needs to be strong and more effective .	Our diplomacy needs to be stronger and more effective .	comp_adj	284
For them , the transition to middle school can be hard .	For them , the transition to middle school can be harder .	comp_adj	285
Be quick !	Be quicker !	comp_adj	287
Large studies at other hospitals are about to begin .	Larger studies at other hospitals are about to begin .	comp_adj	289
Close Mariano Rivera recorded his 25th save .	Closer Mariano Rivera recorded his 25th save .	comp_adj	290
While riskier , the subprime market offered potentially great returns .	While riskier , the subprime market offered potentially greater returns .	comp_adj	291
And high oil prices raise concerns about inflation .	And higher oil prices raise concerns about inflation .	comp_adj	292
These units are going to overhang the structure and move prices inexorably low .	These units are going to overhang the structure and move prices inexorably lower .	comp_adj	293
He has said he might be willing to go high .	He has said he might be willing to go higher .	comp_adj	294
Eric Byrnes followed with a checked-swing ground that shortstop Troy Tulowitzki charged .	Eric Byrnes followed with a checked-swing grounder that shortstop Troy Tulowitzki charged .	comp_adj	295
It is highest in low socioeconomic and less-educated populations .	It is highest in lower socioeconomic and less-educated populations .	comp_adj	296
Elsewhere , commodity prices finished mostly high .	Elsewhere , commodity prices finished mostly higher .	comp_adj	297
Bad teams have won championships .	Worse teams have won championships .	comp_adj	299
Humphries has also made FAMU a good school .	Humphries has also made FAMU a better school .	comp_adj	300
Crews were working to evacuate passengers into small boats .	Crews were working to evacuate passengers into smaller boats .	comp_adj	301
Make me feel better - or bad .	Make me feel better - or worse .	comp_adj	302
I would have liked a light touch .	I would have liked a lighter touch .	comp_adj	305
It is part of a wide study into the behaviour of chimpanzees .	It is part of a wider study into the behaviour of chimpanzees .	comp_adj	306
Other museums are working to foster strong ties to their communities .	Other museums are working to foster stronger ties to their communities .	comp_adj	308
The Knicks found a good way to fight back against the Denver Nuggets .	The Knicks found a better way to fight back against the Denver Nuggets .	comp_adj	310
" We are conscious of talking fast , " Perino said .	" We are conscious of talking faster , " Perino said .	comp_adj	311
No , this might very well be the all-time .	No , this might very well be the all-timer .	comp_adj	312
Hispanics are also overrepresented , but to a little extent .	Hispanics are also overrepresented , but to a lesser extent .	comp_adj	313
But scientists believe intellectual development may be affected at low levels .	But scientists believe intellectual development may be affected at lower levels .	comp_adj	314
Maximum sustained winds were near 45 mph with high gusts .	Maximum sustained winds were near 45 mph with higher gusts .	comp_adj	316
Tens of thousands of people have moved to safe places .	Tens of thousands of people have moved to safer places .	comp_adj	317
The young boy died the next day .	The younger boy died the next day .	comp_adj	320
The clocks there seem to tick to a slow rhythm .	The clocks there seem to tick to a slower rhythm .	comp_adj	322
He is feeling a lot good today .	He is feeling a lot better today .	comp_adj	326
Old steel tanks can rust through .	Older steel tanks can rust through .	comp_adj	327
Broad stock indicators also dropped .	Broader stock indicators also dropped .	comp_adj	328
Obviously , being shot is bad .	Obviously , being shot is worse .	comp_adj	330
This year , it is easy for me to focus .	This year , it is easier for me to focus .	comp_adj	331
These may be people who are simply healthy to begin with .	These may be people who are simply healthier to begin with .	comp_adj	333
About half the banks reported weak demand for residential mortgage loans .	About half the banks reported weaker demand for residential mortgage loans .	comp_adj	335
But old structures aren 't subject to the same requirements .	But older structures aren 't subject to the same requirements .	comp_adj	339
Dissidents estimate that the death toll is high .	Dissidents estimate that the death toll is higher .	comp_adj	340
Graunke is " a game , " Jones said .	Graunke is " a gamer , " Jones said .	comp_adj	341
The link between the Mediterranean diet and low death rates held .	The link between the Mediterranean diet and lower death rates held .	comp_adj	342
Some school systems use family income to achieve great balance .	Some school systems use family income to achieve greater balance .	comp_adj	344
The UK is pressing urgently for tough EU sanctions .	The UK is pressing urgently for tougher EU sanctions .	comp_adj	345
Jacksonville 's quarterback situation is considerably clear .	Jacksonville 's quarterback situation is considerably clearer .	comp_adj	346
was strong .	was stronger .	comp_adj	347
Silverfish reproduce slowly and are easy to control .	Silverfish reproduce slowly and are easier to control .	comp_adj	348
He added that all the candidates need to have a thick skin .	He added that all the candidates need to have a thicker skin .	comp_adj	350
Subaru has also sanded away the rough edges of performance .	Subaru has also sanded away the rougher edges of performance .	comp_adj	351
Bush also criticized Congress for proposals he said would lead to high taxes .	Bush also criticized Congress for proposals he said would lead to higher taxes .	comp_adj	352
Brave 's husband helped publish this book .	Braver 's husband helped publish this book .	comp_adj	353
Caulk small gaps .	Caulk smaller gaps .	comp_adj	354
I cannot think of a good investment .	I cannot think of a better investment .	comp_adj	355
The International team has a strong collection of players .	The International team has a stronger collection of players .	comp_adj	360
A weak yen inflates their overseas earnings and makes their exports more competitive .	A weaker yen inflates their overseas earnings and makes their exports more competitive .	comp_adj	361
Young parishioners " are more reflective , " McAfee said .	Younger parishioners " are more reflective , " McAfee said .	comp_adj	362
With tough drug-testing rules and enforcement , that will pass .	With tougher drug-testing rules and enforcement , that will pass .	comp_adj	363
There is also the need for good design skills .	There is also the need for better design skills .	comp_adj	364
But , she added , a big problem was financing from Iran .	But , she added , a bigger problem was financing from Iran .	comp_adj	368
A decision to keep Torre is tricky .	A decision to keep Torre is trickier .	comp_adj	369
Severe illnesses are more likely in people with weak immune systems .	Severe illnesses are more likely in people with weaker immune systems .	comp_adj	370
Duncan has discomfort in his low abdominal wall .	Duncan has discomfort in his lower abdominal wall .	comp_adj	371
It is a good Alex .	It is a better Alex .	comp_adj	373
Tobacco tax supporters say high prices for cigarettes deter smoking and save lives .	Tobacco tax supporters say higher prices for cigarettes deter smoking and save lives .	comp_adj	375
Another young politician and potential competitor to Li was also promoted .	Another younger politician and potential competitor to Li was also promoted .	comp_adj	377
State and low federal courts have halted all other scheduled executions since then .	State and lower federal courts have halted all other scheduled executions since then .	comp_adj	379
And the September wage gain was also revised low .	And the September wage gain was also revised lower .	comp_adj	380
The weak United States currency added 3 percent to revenue .	The weaker United States currency added 3 percent to revenue .	comp_adj	381
The European Union has been more equivocal , and its sanctions correspondingly mild .	The European Union has been more equivocal , and its sanctions correspondingly milder .	comp_adj	382
I am one of the old guys now .	I am one of the older guys now .	comp_adj	383
Schools have increasingly gone to high seat backs .	Schools have increasingly gone to higher seat backs .	comp_adj	384
The low courts have agreed with Indiana .	The lower courts have agreed with Indiana .	comp_adj	387
The coincidence could hardly be happy .	The coincidence could hardly be happier .	comp_adj	388
The results underscore the need for good prevention measures .	The results underscore the need for better prevention measures .	comp_adj	389
Small crowds turned out in Bangkok and Manila .	Smaller crowds turned out in Bangkok and Manila .	comp_adj	390
DENVER -- The Denver Broncos may never have called a smart timeout .	DENVER -- The Denver Broncos may never have called a smarter timeout .	comp_adj	391
Weak earnings from Exxon Mobil Corp. also dented investor confidence .	Weaker earnings from Exxon Mobil Corp. also dented investor confidence .	comp_adj	392
Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa also wants close ties with Tehran .	Ecuadorean President Rafael Correa also wants closer ties with Tehran .	comp_adj	393
High capacity hard drive players range from $ 200 to $ 350 .	Higher capacity hard drive players range from $ 200 to $ 350 .	comp_adj	396
Tiger Woods said the slow greens would favor bad putters .	Tiger Woods said the slower greens would favor bad putters .	comp_adj	400
It is hard to recognize when private contractors are being underemployed .	It is harder to recognize when private contractors are being underemployed .	comp_adj	403
Each one has ended up low down the hill .	Each one has ended up lower down the hill .	comp_adj	404
You get a good idea of the people you are meeting with .	You get a better idea of the people you are meeting with .	comp_adj	405
After a week he grew strong .	After a week he grew stronger .	comp_adj	406
Other candidates , combat soldiers , were considerably good shots .	Other candidates , combat soldiers , were considerably better shots .	comp_adj	407
Am I funny ?	Am I funnier ?	comp_adj	408
Still , it is good to see some young people .	Still , it is good to see some younger people .	comp_adj	409
A large number of gamers are women than is generally assumed .	A larger number of gamers are women than is generally assumed .	comp_adj	410
The shortfall was caused by a small licence fee settlement from the government .	The shortfall was caused by a smaller licence fee settlement from the government .	comp_adj	411
Then his postings took a dark turn .	Then his postings took a darker turn .	comp_adj	412
The low the admit rate , the more selective the school .	The lower the admit rate , the more selective the school .	comp_adj	413
Plants are compelled to pay ever high wages .	Plants are compelled to pay ever higher wages .	comp_adj	414
It is a tough call .	It is a tougher call .	comp_adj	415
He has been out since Aug. 13 with arthritis in his low back .	He has been out since Aug. 13 with arthritis in his lower back .	comp_adj	417
The error for subgroups is high .	The error for subgroups is higher .	comp_adj	418
Thus , you would get the benefit of a low interest rate .	Thus , you would get the benefit of a lower interest rate .	comp_adj	420
Among Republicans , high taxes is a non-starter .	Among Republicans , higher taxes is a non-starter .	comp_adj	422
Other reports suggest that he has live problems .	Other reports suggest that he has liver problems .	comp_adj	423
Six of them caught at least one pass of 18 yards or long .	Six of them caught at least one pass of 18 yards or longer .	comp_adj	425
But critics say the yuan is still undervalued and they want fast action .	But critics say the yuan is still undervalued and they want faster action .	comp_adj	427
The networks take care of feeding the ads to small sites .	The networks take care of feeding the ads to smaller sites .	comp_adj	429
The jobs report prompted broad selling in markets overseas .	The jobs report prompted broader selling in markets overseas .	comp_adj	430
The impact appears to be somewhat big for low-income children .	The impact appears to be somewhat bigger for low-income children .	comp_adj	432
The ball itself feels big and by turns slippery and sticky .	The ball itself feels bigger and by turns slippery and sticky .	comp_adj	433
That is when Houston 's night really took a turn for the bad .	That is when Houston 's night really took a turn for the worse .	comp_adj	434
It has a good combat performance and improved flying characteristics .	It has a better combat performance and improved flying characteristics .	comp_adj	435
Tight credit conditions are sapping already feeble demand .	Tighter credit conditions are sapping already feeble demand .	comp_adj	436
She has lots of young friends , including Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell .	She has lots of younger friends , including Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell .	comp_adj	437
The penalty is stiff in Delcambre , La .	The penalty is stiffer in Delcambre , La .	comp_adj	439
Somebody 's built a good mousetrap already .	Somebody 's built a better mousetrap already .	comp_adj	442
Of course , it is easy and less confrontational to reprimand the child .	Of course , it is easier and less confrontational to reprimand the child .	comp_adj	445
It could not have been a good idea .	It could not have been a better idea .	comp_adj	446
Not all small competitors would benefit .	Not all smaller competitors would benefit .	comp_adj	448
The melodramatic turn temporarily obscured the dark nature of the case .	The melodramatic turn temporarily obscured the darker nature of the case .	comp_adj	451
High sales of microprocessors helped the company offset flat average selling prices .	Higher sales of microprocessors helped the company offset flat average selling prices .	comp_adj	454
Yes , it is easy to list the non-possibilities .	Yes , it is easier to list the non-possibilities .	comp_adj	458
Aid workers indicated the death toll could be significantly high .	Aid workers indicated the death toll could be significantly higher .	comp_adj	459
The broad issue is whether political reconciliation is possible .	The broader issue is whether political reconciliation is possible .	comp_adj	464
There are a few good results for the administration .	There are a few better results for the administration .	comp_adj	465
But Boruchowitz said investigators feared the young girl was in danger .	But Boruchowitz said investigators feared the younger girl was in danger .	comp_adj	466
The party also wants good conditions for asylum seekers .	The party also wants better conditions for asylum seekers .	comp_adj	467
Gold was high .	Gold was higher .	comp_adj	469
However , foreign diplomats and analysts fear both figures could be far high .	However , foreign diplomats and analysts fear both figures could be far higher .	comp_adj	471
The U.S. also can count on a handful of small stalwarts .	The U.S. also can count on a handful of smaller stalwarts .	comp_adj	472
Analysts said deep cuts were possible .	Analysts said deeper cuts were possible .	comp_adj	473
Wealthy people would add a 12 to 15 percent surcharge , Obey said .	Wealthier people would add a 12 to 15 percent surcharge , Obey said .	comp_adj	474
Broad stock indicators also rose .	Broader stock indicators also rose .	comp_adj	475
And soaring commodity prices will only make those emerging economies look strong .	And soaring commodity prices will only make those emerging economies look stronger .	comp_adj	476
The result is great insight and reduced risk for bioprocess development decision making .	The result is greater insight and reduced risk for bioprocess development decision making .	comp_adj	477
The dollar was high against other major currencies except for the yen .	The dollar was higher against other major currencies except for the yen .	comp_adj	478
Being beaten down and forcefully handcuffed by several police officers is bad .	Being beaten down and forcefully handcuffed by several police officers is worse .	comp_adj	479
The other is a big pest .	The other is a bigger pest .	comp_adj	480
Could you repeat it a couple of times , loud ?	Could you repeat it a couple of times , louder ?	comp_adj	481
While this game was close , it was not much harder .	While this game was closer , it was not much harder .	comp_adj	482
Cars are also cheap .	Cars are also cheaper .	comp_adj	483
The tight credit situation is deepening the housing slump .	The tighter credit situation is deepening the housing slump .	comp_adj	484
After some small wins , she started to hit big .	After some small wins , she started to hit bigger .	comp_adj	485
I pushed down hard .	I pushed down harder .	comp_adj	486
The insurers used their considerable clout to demand big discounts .	The insurers used their considerable clout to demand bigger discounts .	comp_adj	487
The big story could actually come from Kingussie .	The bigger story could actually come from Kingussie .	comp_adj	489
However , her father Andrew thinks constant testing is inappropriate for young children .	However , her father Andrew thinks constant testing is inappropriate for younger children .	comp_adj	490
The miracle was that it was not bad .	The miracle was that it was not worse .	comp_adj	493
Broad stock indexes also dipped .	Broader stock indexes also dipped .	comp_adj	494
I believe I am a good man for knowing him .	I believe I am a better man for knowing him .	comp_adj	495
The group has changed musically too - for the bad .	The group has changed musically too - for the worse .	comp_adj	497
What good way to spend New Year 's Eve ?	What better way to spend New Year 's Eve ?	comp_adj	498
" " Facebook will be safe .	" " Facebook will be safer .	comp_adj	499
Yet in their sorrow , they see large purpose .	Yet in their sorrow , they see larger purpose .	comp_adj	501
Lighter-skinned women applicants were preferred over those with dark complexions but equal credentials .	Lighter-skinned women applicants were preferred over those with darker complexions but equal credentials .	comp_adj	502
Its closing leaves only a small cargo crossing in operation .	Its closing leaves only a smaller cargo crossing in operation .	comp_adj	504
Westwood and Mickelson missed long birdie attempts .	Westwood and Mickelson missed longer birdie attempts .	comp_adj	505
However , demand from investors drove the high investment amount .	However , demand from investors drove the higher investment amount .	comp_adj	506
Small houses , however , are more cautious .	Smaller houses , however , are more cautious .	comp_adj	507
The heavy Thanksgiving travel could mean low demand later .	The heavy Thanksgiving travel could mean lower demand later .	comp_adj	509
Now , their state suddenly feels a bit small .	Now , their state suddenly feels a bit smaller .	comp_adj	510
Why do we have big hips now ?	Why do we have bigger hips now ?	comp_adj	511
Small numbers of Iraqis have fled to Lebanon , Egypt and Turkey .	Smaller numbers of Iraqis have fled to Lebanon , Egypt and Turkey .	comp_adj	512
There was no thought of wide publication .	There was no thought of wider publication .	comp_adj	514
Her parents and young daughter were also killed .	Her parents and younger daughter were also killed .	comp_adj	515
Broad stock indicators slipped .	Broader stock indicators slipped .	comp_adj	516
It has given our pitchers a good foundation for confidence .	It has given our pitchers a better foundation for confidence .	comp_adj	517
Gold traded high .	Gold traded higher .	comp_adj	518
That is bad in a way , to lie to them .	That is worse in a way , to lie to them .	comp_adj	519
Red blood cells can take two weeks or long .	Red blood cells can take two weeks or longer .	comp_adj	520
Bhutto has pledged to make strong efforts against the militants .	Bhutto has pledged to make stronger efforts against the militants .	comp_adj	522
Several of its small island nations face obliteration if the sea level rises .	Several of its smaller island nations face obliteration if the sea level rises .	comp_adj	525
Many in low-lying areas sought high ground .	Many in low-lying areas sought higher ground .	comp_adj	526
And there is bad to come .	And there is worse to come .	comp_adj	528
Soon , they were playing increasingly large venues .	Soon , they were playing increasingly larger venues .	comp_adj	529
Then there is the wide issue of Iran 's nuclear programme .	Then there is the wider issue of Iran 's nuclear programme .	comp_adj	530
Maybe bold bears are selected for as well .	Maybe bolder bears are selected for as well .	comp_adj	533
We have installed a wine cool as well .	We have installed a wine cooler as well .	comp_adj	534
If he becomes a good player , results will follow .	If he becomes a better player , results will follow .	comp_adj	537
Susan found a 1.47-carat stone and some small gems Monday .	Susan found a 1.47-carat stone and some smaller gems Monday .	comp_adj	538
Until then , she will live in the small unit .	Until then , she will live in the smaller unit .	comp_adj	539
Broad stock indicators rose .	Broader stock indicators rose .	comp_adj	540
They somehow feel poor , whether they are or not .	They somehow feel poorer , whether they are or not .	comp_adj	542
Future profitability will undoubtedly be hard to come by , however .	Future profitability will undoubtedly be harder to come by , however .	comp_adj	543
Broad indexes were mixed .	Broader indexes were mixed .	comp_adj	545
He said the parking lot provides a safe place to sleep .	He said the parking lot provides a safer place to sleep .	comp_adj	546
Carr replaced Testaverde despite compression fractures in his low back .	Carr replaced Testaverde despite compression fractures in his lower back .	comp_adj	547
Two major consumer products companies posted strong earnings Tuesday .	Two major consumer products companies posted stronger earnings Tuesday .	comp_adj	548
Still , panelists held off from recommending against use in old children .	Still , panelists held off from recommending against use in older children .	comp_adj	550
The Queens Library has also developed friendly collection methods .	The Queens Library has also developed friendlier collection methods .	comp_adj	555
Advocates worry that intense and repeated deployments leave new veterans particularly vulnerable .	Advocates worry that intense and repeated deployments leave newer veterans particularly vulnerable .	comp_adj	559
Sanctions could even generate great resistance .	Sanctions could even generate greater resistance .	comp_adj	561
They say harsh penalties for crack cocaine unfairly punish blacks .	They say harsher penalties for crack cocaine unfairly punish blacks .	comp_adj	563
High pricing will just make me obtain the songs in another way .	Higher pricing will just make me obtain the songs in another way .	comp_adj	564
I could not be happy .	I could not be happier .	comp_adj	565
This merely makes the working environment of criminals safe .	This merely makes the working environment of criminals safer .	comp_adj	566
The company expects all this to result in good revenue .	The company expects all this to result in better revenue .	comp_adj	567
The shares were 11p high at 776p .	The shares were 11p higher at 776p .	comp_adj	570
But despite the threat of tough sanctions , Iran refuses to budge .	But despite the threat of tougher sanctions , Iran refuses to budge .	comp_adj	573
But there are signs that steep housing-related layoffs may be coming .	But there are signs that steeper housing-related layoffs may be coming .	comp_adj	574
Close J.J. Putz earned his 39th save .	Closer J.J. Putz earned his 39th save .	comp_adj	575
If there is a good deal that comes across .	If there is a better deal that comes across .	comp_adj	579
The problem is great in some industries .	The problem is greater in some industries .	comp_adj	580
It also benefited from firm prices and favorable component costs .	It also benefited from firmer prices and favorable component costs .	comp_adj	581
He prefers a safe course .	He prefers a safer course .	comp_adj	582
The brave ones sang out loud .	The braver ones sang out loud .	comp_adj	583
Hair is also easy to rid of bacterial DNA .	Hair is also easier to rid of bacterial DNA .	comp_adj	584
These memories are treasures that will grow strong as time goes on .	These memories are treasures that will grow stronger as time goes on .	comp_adj	586
The telomeres of the young cancer patients had abnormally short telomeres .	The telomeres of the younger cancer patients had abnormally short telomeres .	comp_adj	587
That is when the crowds are thin and the deals are more generous .	That is when the crowds are thinner and the deals are more generous .	comp_adj	588
Sharp Image has lost $ 113 million since January 2005 .	Sharper Image has lost $ 113 million since January 2005 .	comp_adj	591
The final day is a short Coast ride before returning home .	The final day is a shorter Coast ride before returning home .	comp_adj	593
It has since taken steps towards great professionalism .	It has since taken steps towards greater professionalism .	comp_adj	594
There is also the big picture to consider .	There is also the bigger picture to consider .	comp_adj	595
" Americans are still demanding big vehicles , " Lindland said .	" Americans are still demanding bigger vehicles , " Lindland said .	comp_adj	597
He 'll go down as one of the good players in both codes .	He 'll go down as one of the better players in both codes .	comp_adj	598
The Senate has a costly set of earmarks .	The Senate has a costlier set of earmarks .	comp_adj	599
But the true number is thought to be many times high .	But the true number is thought to be many times higher .	comp_adj	600
These factors were partially offset by high costs for purchased fiber and chips .	These factors were partially offset by higher costs for purchased fiber and chips .	comp_adj	601
The Smiths have an old son , Richie Jr .	The Smiths have an older son , Richie Jr .	comp_adj	602
On both , Mr. Sarkozy clearly has the good arguments .	On both , Mr. Sarkozy clearly has the better arguments .	comp_adj	603
Ms. Traore used simple language .	Ms. Traore used simpler language .	comp_adj	604
The writers now want a big piece of the profit .	The writers now want a bigger piece of the profit .	comp_adj	606
But there are other benefits that are hard to quantify .	But there are other benefits that are harder to quantify .	comp_adj	607
He could not have been happy .	He could not have been happier .	comp_adj	609
As a California schoolgirl she routinely won titles against old runners .	As a California schoolgirl she routinely won titles against older runners .	comp_adj	610
The high costs are passed on to consumers .	The higher costs are passed on to consumers .	comp_adj	611
Some analysts predict a bold half-point reduction when it meets Tuesday .	Some analysts predict a bolder half-point reduction when it meets Tuesday .	comp_adj	615
He said China was encouraged that the situation in Myanmar was calm .	He said China was encouraged that the situation in Myanmar was calmer .	comp_adj	616
If you are less mobile , consider a small ship .	If you are less mobile , consider a smaller ship .	comp_adj	617
How many alt egos can one man have ?	How many alter egos can one man have ?	comp_adj	618
We all need to step back and look at the big picture .	We all need to step back and look at the bigger picture .	comp_adj	619
" " I would have had a good chance to beat him .	" " I would have had a better chance to beat him .	comp_adj	620
Other analysts argue fundamentals clearly support high prices .	Other analysts argue fundamentals clearly support higher prices .	comp_adj	621
Broad stock indicators also advanced .	Broader stock indicators also advanced .	comp_adj	624
The region was a mini-failed-state in the midst of a broad sectarian war .	The region was a mini-failed-state in the midst of a broader sectarian war .	comp_adj	625
Future quarters ' earnings will likely include a high tax burden .	Future quarters ' earnings will likely include a higher tax burden .	comp_adj	626
Build a small reservoir on Knob Creek , or 4 .	Build a smaller reservoir on Knob Creek , or 4 .	comp_adj	628
Will we be growing slow ?	Will we be growing slower ?	comp_adj	629
Mr Sarkozy , though , is made of strong stuff .	Mr Sarkozy , though , is made of stronger stuff .	comp_adj	632
I bought a small house nearby with a mortgage that exceeded its value .	I bought a smaller house nearby with a mortgage that exceeded its value .	comp_adj	633
Lundqvist seemed most mystified about the Rangers ' turn for the bad .	Lundqvist seemed most mystified about the Rangers ' turn for the worse .	comp_adj	634
Experts say the findings may help lead to good treatments .	Experts say the findings may help lead to better treatments .	comp_adj	635
That would be a good way to go .	That would be a better way to go .	comp_adj	636
Hopefully , maybe cool heads will prevail .	Hopefully , maybe cooler heads will prevail .	comp_adj	637
Small companies are as vulnerable as large corporations for online fraud .	Smaller companies are as vulnerable as large corporations for online fraud .	comp_adj	638
Old buildings often represent architectural philosophies and trends now out of fashion .	Older buildings often represent architectural philosophies and trends now out of fashion .	comp_adj	639
Things look dim for American Indians and Asians .	Things look dimmer for American Indians and Asians .	comp_adj	640
In some ways securitisation has made the financial system safe .	In some ways securitisation has made the financial system safer .	comp_adj	641
The Russell 2000 index of small companies rose 1.63 to 774.01 .	The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose 1.63 to 774.01 .	comp_adj	642
It is rare .	It is rarer .	comp_adj	645
Diplomats and Burmese dissident groups believe the total death toll was high .	Diplomats and Burmese dissident groups believe the total death toll was higher .	comp_adj	646
But the appearance of bin Laden this year makes a big splash .	But the appearance of bin Laden this year makes a bigger splash .	comp_adj	649
No -- it is being a smart player .	No -- it is being a smarter player .	comp_adj	650
The left-hander could not readily recall a bad outing at any level .	The left-hander could not readily recall a worse outing at any level .	comp_adj	652
Absence makes the heart grow fond .	Absence makes the heart grow fonder .	comp_adj	654
Their homes are big .	Their homes are bigger .	comp_adj	656
Its closing left only a small cargo crossing in operation .	Its closing left only a smaller cargo crossing in operation .	comp_adj	657
They were probably happy times .	They were probably happier times .	comp_adj	659
But the trial covered only acute low back pain .	But the trial covered only acute lower back pain .	comp_adj	661
Not that discretion is necessarily the good part of valor .	Not that discretion is necessarily the better part of valor .	comp_adj	662
It is probably bad .	It is probably worse .	comp_adj	663
Expectations for low interest rates further undermined the dollar .	Expectations for lower interest rates further undermined the dollar .	comp_adj	664
A. One aspect is better patient education and good nutrition .	A. One aspect is better patient education and better nutrition .	comp_adj	666
But there will be high ones .	But there will be higher ones .	comp_adj	667
" " We are simply a good team .	" " We are simply a better team .	comp_adj	669
To some extent , easy monetary policy may soothe the transition .	To some extent , easier monetary policy may soothe the transition .	comp_adj	671
The difference between the two places could not be great .	The difference between the two places could not be greater .	comp_adj	673
Pharmaceutical issues were also high .	Pharmaceutical issues were also higher .	comp_adj	674
Bin Laden 's eye sockets are dark as well .	Bin Laden 's eye sockets are darker as well .	comp_adj	675
Besides , he is missing the big point .	Besides , he is missing the bigger point .	comp_adj	676
Her health took a turn for the bad during the past week .	Her health took a turn for the worse during the past week .	comp_adj	677
The young Stevens also has not been charged .	The younger Stevens also has not been charged .	comp_adj	678
Millions of low skilled American workers have neither .	Millions of lower skilled American workers have neither .	comp_adj	681
But he wondered whether bargainers should have held out for a good deal .	But he wondered whether bargainers should have held out for a better deal .	comp_adj	683
The Nightwatchman is Tom Morello 's alt ego .	The Nightwatchman is Tom Morello 's alter ego .	comp_adj	684
But it is cheap to do it in the garden .	But it is cheaper to do it in the garden .	comp_adj	690
Still , high temperatures will not be bad news for everyone .	Still , higher temperatures will not be bad news for everyone .	comp_adj	691
The Tory leader needs to be clear about the role of the state .	The Tory leader needs to be clearer about the role of the state .	comp_adj	693
A clear picture of Mr. Warfield , who was from Columbia , Md .	A clearer picture of Mr. Warfield , who was from Columbia , Md .	comp_adj	694
Some analysts predict a bold step , a half-point reduction .	Some analysts predict a bolder step , a half-point reduction .	comp_adj	696
Major U.S. equity indexes traded high at midday .	Major U.S. equity indexes traded higher at midday .	comp_adj	698
Major organ systems function less efficiently in old people .	Major organ systems function less efficiently in older people .	comp_adj	701
If not for No. 9 , Flesch would have a big lead .	If not for No. 9 , Flesch would have a bigger lead .	comp_adj	702
U.S. artists , however , continue to die in great numbers .	U.S. artists , however , continue to die in greater numbers .	comp_adj	703
" Women are easy to work with , " he says .	" Women are easier to work with , " he says .	comp_adj	704
Alerted by a research assistant , scientists started taking a close look .	Alerted by a research assistant , scientists started taking a closer look .	comp_adj	705
The Dodds have a young daughter , 2-year-old Christina .	The Dodds have a younger daughter , 2-year-old Christina .	comp_adj	706
The deer continued to struggle but was growing weak .	The deer continued to struggle but was growing weaker .	comp_adj	707
Gold was low .	Gold was lower .	comp_adj	710
That reduces U.S. consumer spending power and also could trigger high inflation .	That reduces U.S. consumer spending power and also could trigger higher inflation .	comp_adj	711
But what they have had is good control .	But what they have had is better control .	comp_adj	712
Chase Utley followed with a ground to first baseman Teixeira .	Chase Utley followed with a grounder to first baseman Teixeira .	comp_adj	713
Close Francisco Rodriguez recorded his 40th save this season .	Closer Francisco Rodriguez recorded his 40th save this season .	comp_adj	714
Jude Law reprises Caine 's 1972 role as the young man .	Jude Law reprises Caine 's 1972 role as the younger man .	comp_adj	715
They can get insurance , everybody is safe .	They can get insurance , everybody is safer .	comp_adj	716
A sharp ground by Amaris Ramirez became a double play .	A sharp grounder by Amaris Ramirez became a double play .	comp_adj	718
That high standard applies to teachers , students and parents .	That higher standard applies to teachers , students and parents .	comp_adj	719
The large unions , however , were holding out .	The larger unions , however , were holding out .	comp_adj	721
US stocks had drifted mostly low Wednesday .	US stocks had drifted mostly lower Wednesday .	comp_adj	722
Investors typically buy assets and currencies where the rates of return are high .	Investors typically buy assets and currencies where the rates of return are higher .	comp_adj	723
Broad stock indicators also showed modest gains yesterday .	Broader stock indicators also showed modest gains yesterday .	comp_adj	724
Collectively , the whole group needed to do a good job .	Collectively , the whole group needed to do a better job .	comp_adj	725
" The old ones are almost all dead , " he said .	" The older ones are almost all dead , " he said .	comp_adj	726
The nation 's roads have never been safe .	The nation 's roads have never been safer .	comp_adj	727
Most retailers provide free shipping for orders $ 50 or high .	Most retailers provide free shipping for orders $ 50 or higher .	comp_adj	729
Surely , she has entered a good abode .	Surely , she has entered a better abode .	comp_adj	730
Scott Proctor relieved and retired Troy Tulowitzki on a ground to second .	Scott Proctor relieved and retired Troy Tulowitzki on a grounder to second .	comp_adj	732
It can take off and land on short runways .	It can take off and land on shorter runways .	comp_adj	734
New materials are being developed to make good cells .	New materials are being developed to make better cells .	comp_adj	736
Besides , I have got a young husband .	Besides , I have got a younger husband .	comp_adj	737
The old Beatles cartoon on TV had good character development .	The old Beatles cartoon on TV had better character development .	comp_adj	738
The venture 's internal politics may prove tricky .	The venture 's internal politics may prove trickier .	comp_adj	739
We need calm people in Lebanon .	We need calmer people in Lebanon .	comp_adj	740
We feel safe .	We feel safer .	comp_adj	743
The soldiers departed , but with threats of returning in large numbers .	The soldiers departed , but with threats of returning in larger numbers .	comp_adj	744
Investors in loan-backed securities could have pushed for tough monitoring .	Investors in loan-backed securities could have pushed for tougher monitoring .	comp_adj	745
But it is a small place .	But it is a smaller place .	comp_adj	746
Republicans were also likely to think Bush and business have caused little harm .	Republicans were also likelier to think Bush and business have caused little harm .	comp_adj	749
To use the technical term , it is perky .	To use the technical term , it is perkier .	comp_adj	750
But big technology leaps are imminent .	But bigger technology leaps are imminent .	comp_adj	751
Political leaders need to give this close attention .	Political leaders need to give this closer attention .	comp_adj	752
Close Chad Cordero earned his 32nd save .	Closer Chad Cordero earned his 32nd save .	comp_adj	753
But here is a good idea .	But here is a better idea .	comp_adj	754
Fast chips are the fuel of the computer industry .	FASTER chips are the fuel of the computer industry .	comp_adj	755
Rising foreclosures and delinquencies have led to tight lending standards .	Rising foreclosures and delinquencies have led to tighter lending standards .	comp_adj	756
A good student would have checked with him anyway , Cox says .	A better student would have checked with him anyway , Cox says .	comp_adj	757
Another proposal calls for focusing resources on risky products , such as tires .	Another proposal calls for focusing resources on riskier products , such as tires .	comp_adj	759
Other agricultural futures also traded high .	Other agricultural futures also traded higher .	comp_adj	761
It is creepy .	It is creepier .	comp_adj	763
The Jena 6 rally in central Louisiana tells a happy story .	The Jena 6 rally in central Louisiana tells a happier story .	comp_adj	765
Lately , his pro-life language has taken on a sharp edge .	Lately , his pro-life language has taken on a sharper edge .	comp_adj	767
Teens deserve good policies .	Teens deserve better policies .	comp_adj	769
And there is another challenge , close to home .	And there is another challenge , closer to home .	comp_adj	772
However , Scotland has a strong record for sourcing private funding .	However , Scotland has a stronger record for sourcing private funding .	comp_adj	774
" " The regime 's position grows weak by the day .	" " The regime 's position grows weaker by the day .	comp_adj	779
Maybe I had just gotten old .	Maybe I had just gotten older .	comp_adj	780
Tight credit could jeopardize global economic growth .	Tighter credit could jeopardize global economic growth .	comp_adj	781
High rates can boost a currency .	Higher rates can boost a currency .	comp_adj	782
Some see broad explanations for India 's peculiar relationship with Guinness .	Some see broader explanations for India 's peculiar relationship with Guinness .	comp_adj	783
The boss thinks it could be bad .	The boss thinks it could be worse .	comp_adj	784
Coming home was tricky .	Coming home was trickier .	comp_adj	785
Both Iraqi and US military casualties were also low .	Both Iraqi and US military casualties were also lower .	comp_adj	788
The fast Jerome Taylor has replaced the perennially unlucky Corey Collymore .	The faster Jerome Taylor has replaced the perennially unlucky Corey Collymore .	comp_adj	789
Broad stock indexes were mixed .	Broader stock indexes were mixed .	comp_adj	790
The broad stock indexes also advanced .	The broader stock indexes also advanced .	comp_adj	791
Small studies have suggested biological differences between breast cancer in blacks and whites .	Smaller studies have suggested biological differences between breast cancer in blacks and whites .	comp_adj	792
Cities and highways are safe and violence has eased .	Cities and highways are safer and violence has eased .	comp_adj	793
All are set to be big stories in 2008 .	All are set to be bigger stories in 2008 .	comp_adj	795
Now they sit low , making them more stable and natural-looking .	Now they sit lower , making them more stable and natural-looking .	comp_adj	796
But the Democrats who took office in January wanted quick action .	But the Democrats who took office in January wanted quicker action .	comp_adj	797
It is easy to get a mobile phone than a land phone .	It is easier to get a mobile phone than a land phone .	comp_adj	798
Could he have got a long sentence ?	Could he have got a longer sentence ?	comp_adj	799
He said old people just would not get it .	He said older people just would not get it .	comp_adj	800
Old children were most likely to see commercials for sweets .	Older children were most likely to see commercials for sweets .	comp_adj	802
There have , naturally , been little exhibitions .	There have , naturally , been lesser exhibitions .	comp_adj	803
The market opened high but the gains quickly faded .	The market opened higher but the gains quickly faded .	comp_adj	804
I think British politics is the poor as a result .	I think British politics is the poorer as a result .	comp_adj	805
Broad market indexes also advanced .	Broader market indexes also advanced .	comp_adj	806
Old people with dementia are particularly vulnerable .	Older people with dementia are particularly vulnerable .	comp_adj	807
Many who lived in low-lying areas were seeking high ground .	Many who lived in low-lying areas were seeking higher ground .	comp_adj	808
It forecasts long delays for commuters .	It forecasts longer delays for commuters .	comp_adj	809
We will force European consumers to pay high prices .	We will force European consumers to pay higher prices .	comp_adj	813
It is easy to just stay out here .	It is easier to just stay out here .	comp_adj	814
Small studies also have linked depression to smoking during pregnancy .	Smaller studies also have linked depression to smoking during pregnancy .	comp_adj	815
Small adjustments were made to some readings for some preceding years .	Smaller adjustments were made to some readings for some preceding years .	comp_adj	816
Some may simply have been clever at hiding their losses .	Some may simply have been cleverer at hiding their losses .	comp_adj	818
And it could not have happened to a good person .	And it could not have happened to a better person .	comp_adj	820
Her young sister had made all-state in field hockey .	Her younger sister had made all-state in field hockey .	comp_adj	821
Tight credit has also become an issue in recent months .	Tighter credit has also become an issue in recent months .	comp_adj	823
He is playing big .	He is playing bigger .	comp_adj	824
Other banks raised a large proportion of money from savers .	Other banks raised a larger proportion of money from savers .	comp_adj	828
We hope cool heads prevail once Mr. Ahmadinejad leaves town .	We hope cooler heads prevail once Mr. Ahmadinejad leaves town .	comp_adj	829
We may even have good talent .	We may even have better talent .	comp_adj	830
Too bad it is not tough .	Too bad it is not tougher .	comp_adj	831
The low number of blends a candidate has the better !	The lower number of blends a candidate has the better !	comp_adj	832
Talk therapy was a safe alternative .	Talk therapy was a safer alternative .	comp_adj	833
Thus , the disease risk level for in-home pet sitting is considerably low .	Thus , the disease risk level for in-home pet sitting is considerably lower .	comp_adj	834
A good price Hotels are expensive .	A better price Hotels are expensive .	comp_adj	835
Crawford was called out on a bases-loaded ground .	Crawford was called out on a bases-loaded grounder .	comp_adj	836
That is the exact opposite of the smoking cessation patterns in young smokers .	That is the exact opposite of the smoking cessation patterns in younger smokers .	comp_adj	839
Some groups have gone to great lengths to tap these sources .	Some groups have gone to greater lengths to tap these sources .	comp_adj	843
The Dutch men may have been healthy .	The Dutch men may have been healthier .	comp_adj	844
But the former Massachusetts governor was gentle in criticizing Giuliani 's fiscal record .	But the former Massachusetts governor was gentler in criticizing Giuliani 's fiscal record .	comp_adj	846
AP : Does having children make you a good songwriter ?	AP : Does having children make you a better songwriter ?	comp_adj	847
I wish you were mean .	I wish you were meaner .	comp_adj	848
Now , she is looking at places that offer low prices .	Now , she is looking at places that offer lower prices .	comp_adj	849
I still think I am funny .	I still think I am funnier .	comp_adj	851
At the same time , Iraqi security forces would assume great responsibility .	At the same time , Iraqi security forces would assume greater responsibility .	comp_adj	854
The figure for the old group was 89.4 percent .	The figure for the older group was 89.4 percent .	comp_adj	855
Bellicose words are often followed by calm ones .	Bellicose words are often followed by calmer ones .	comp_adj	856
Some of his high pay comes from working more efficiently .	Some of his higher pay comes from working more efficiently .	comp_adj	858
There are bad legacies .	There are worse legacies .	comp_adj	860
Brady does a good job deflecting praise than opponents do deflecting his passes .	Brady does a better job deflecting praise than opponents do deflecting his passes .	comp_adj	861
Are they a good team ?	Are they a better team ?	comp_adj	862
A large blast quickly followed , destroying two police vans .	A larger blast quickly followed , destroying two police vans .	comp_adj	864
For the concert he revamped some of his old hits .	For the concert he revamped some of his older hits .	comp_adj	865
Which is bad : foreclosure or bankruptcy ?	Which is worse : foreclosure or bankruptcy ?	comp_adj	866
Other indexes in the survey were high .	Other indexes in the survey were higher .	comp_adj	867
That does not mean it is easy , officials said .	That does not mean it is easier , officials said .	comp_adj	868
Stocks were also low on Thursday .	Stocks were also lower on Thursday .	comp_adj	872
High aspirations changed my life .	Higher aspirations changed my life .	comp_adj	874
Other crowd estimates were low .	Other crowd estimates were lower .	comp_adj	876
The lawsuit alleged old abuse , fraud and intentional infliction of emotional distress .	The lawsuit alleged elder abuse , fraud and intentional infliction of emotional distress .	comp_adj	877
Other estimates are significantly great .	Other estimates are significantly greater .	comp_adj	879
The big Chinese factories on the tour had their own testing facilities .	The bigger Chinese factories on the tour had their own testing facilities .	comp_adj	880
Then began the difficult job of reconstructing Lakshmi 's low body .	Then began the difficult job of reconstructing Lakshmi 's lower body .	comp_adj	881
Another 1,000 were removed from low-lying coastal areas and small islands .	Another 1,000 were removed from low-lying coastal areas and smaller islands .	comp_adj	882
Other reports gave a low estimate .	Other reports gave a lower estimate .	comp_adj	883
Sizemore said he understands the punishment could have been bad .	Sizemore said he understands the punishment could have been worse .	comp_adj	884
A large problem for Crandell is his studentlike prose .	A larger problem for Crandell is his studentlike prose .	comp_adj	885
High energy prices will likely lead to a rally in commodity stocks .	Higher energy prices will likely lead to a rally in commodity stocks .	comp_adj	886
No. 2 is high oil prices .	No. 2 is higher oil prices .	comp_adj	887
We need a far good approach on No Child Left Behind .	We need a far better approach on No Child Left Behind .	comp_adj	888
Renault is confident of putting in a good performance for 2008 .	Renault is confident of putting in a better performance for 2008 .	comp_adj	890
Broad stock indicators also declined , but finished the year higher .	Broader stock indicators also declined , but finished the year higher .	comp_adj	893
But his friends say he has a dark side .	But his friends say he has a darker side .	comp_adj	894
Another 1,000 people were removed from low-lying coastal areas and small islands .	Another 1,000 people were removed from low-lying coastal areas and smaller islands .	comp_adj	895
It is a long one now .	It is a longer one now .	comp_adj	897
Another is to move salmon pens to good locations .	Another is to move salmon pens to better locations .	comp_adj	898
Other candidates are close to this false Mormon stereotype .	Other candidates are closer to this false Mormon stereotype .	comp_adj	899
Can fiction make the world a good place ?	Can fiction make the world a better place ?	comp_adj	900
Analysts surveyed by Yahoo Finance had projected a strong 87.5 showing .	Analysts surveyed by Yahoo Finance had projected a stronger 87.5 showing .	comp_adj	901
Broad indexes also declined .	Broader indexes also declined .	comp_adj	902
The Club for Growth favors low taxes and reduced government spending .	The Club for Growth favors lower taxes and reduced government spending .	comp_adj	903
American producers are also benefiting from strong growth overseas .	American producers are also benefiting from stronger growth overseas .	comp_adj	904
It plans to keep about 675 stations , mostly in large metropolitan areas .	It plans to keep about 675 stations , mostly in larger metropolitan areas .	comp_adj	905
Now I have to find a big dream .	Now I have to find a bigger dream .	comp_adj	908
Young patients often recover better .	Younger patients often recover better .	comp_adj	909
His powers also work on ripe prey .	His powers also work on riper prey .	comp_adj	910
A close look reveals a much different scene .	A closer look reveals a much different scene .	comp_adj	911
He was hit in the low back and the left thigh .	He was hit in the lower back and the left thigh .	comp_adj	912
Weak earnings from Exxon Mobil also dampens the mood .	Weaker earnings from Exxon Mobil also dampens the mood .	comp_adj	914
Perhaps Roger Goodell will have a stern view .	Perhaps Roger Goodell will have a sterner view .	comp_adj	915
There was a small South African contingent among the arrivals from London .	There was a smaller South African contingent among the arrivals from London .	comp_adj	916
It continues to hold appeal , even to a young generation .	It continues to hold appeal , even to a younger generation .	comp_adj	917
Linda acknowledged that the A.L.C.S. could have been bad .	Linda acknowledged that the A.L.C.S. could have been worse .	comp_adj	918
And old people responded only to the positive scenes .	And older people responded only to the positive scenes .	comp_adj	919
The standards for the little offenses would have been different .	The standards for the lesser offenses would have been different .	comp_adj	922
In simple terms , should context affect how we experience wine ?	In simpler terms , should context affect how we experience wine ?	comp_adj	923
Berlin belongs to a cold climate .	Berlin belongs to a colder climate .	comp_adj	924
This adds to accuracy , and has a high success rate .	This adds to accuracy , and has a higher success rate .	comp_adj	925
Most Americans are already seeing the impact through high gas prices .	Most Americans are already seeing the impact through higher gas prices .	comp_adj	926
The same applies in old age groups .	The same applies in older age groups .	comp_adj	927
And incidentally , what 's bad ?	And incidentally , what 's worse ?	comp_adj	929
Within small enclaves life is slowly trickling back to normal .	Within smaller enclaves life is slowly trickling back to normal .	comp_adj	931
Quite honestly , I am surprised that percentage is not high .	Quite honestly , I am surprised that percentage is not higher .	comp_adj	932
Two members actually voted no to high fares .	Two members actually voted no to higher fares .	comp_adj	936
Some former prisoners have described harsh conditions at Evin .	Some former prisoners have described harsher conditions at Evin .	comp_adj	938
A good bet is catching Willie Col ?	A better bet is catching Willie Col ?	comp_adj	939
" This has to do with being smart , " Behrman said .	" This has to do with being smarter , " Behrman said .	comp_adj	940
It is just cold at altitude .	It is just colder at altitude .	comp_adj	946
Next week it will be on a small scale , a Colchester .	Next week it will be on a smaller scale , a Colchester .	comp_adj	947
Q. So your upfront costs are low .	Q. So your upfront costs are lower .	comp_adj	948
Some of the large shops offer thousands of items .	Some of the larger shops offer thousands of items .	comp_adj	949
Another proposal calls for focusing resources on risky products tires , for example .	Another proposal calls for focusing resources on riskier products tires , for example .	comp_adj	950
Among individual issues , 29 out of 30 Dow components finished low .	Among individual issues , 29 out of 30 Dow components finished lower .	comp_adj	951
The top brass demanded good training .	The top brass demanded better training .	comp_adj	952
Let 's take a close look .	Let 's take a closer look .	comp_adj	953
I was not trying to dig deep to find answers .	I was not trying to dig deeper to find answers .	comp_adj	954
The Zambrano questions also irritated Piniella because they missed the big picture .	The Zambrano questions also irritated Piniella because they missed the bigger picture .	comp_adj	955
Gay believes Brauman 's situation has helped him become a good athlete .	Gay believes Brauman 's situation has helped him become a better athlete .	comp_adj	957
Will we have great dependence on retail deposits ?	Will we have greater dependence on retail deposits ?	comp_adj	958
Others are close to MIT 's Cambridge , Mass .	Others are closer to MIT 's Cambridge , Mass .	comp_adj	959
It is our right to demand a high standard .	It is our right to demand a higher standard .	comp_adj	961
The first came on a ground to second by Hideki Matsui .	The first came on a grounder to second by Hideki Matsui .	comp_adj	964
Certainly , Britain is friendly to shareholders than is America .	Certainly , Britain is friendlier to shareholders than is America .	comp_adj	965
And some parts beg for full treatment .	And some parts beg for fuller treatment .	comp_adj	967
Many political scientists favour a system with small constituencies .	Many political scientists favour a system with smaller constituencies .	comp_adj	968
There is a high probability rates will decrease rather than increase .	There is a higher probability rates will decrease rather than increase .	comp_adj	969
Glimpses can tantalize , but eventually one craves a good view .	Glimpses can tantalize , but eventually one craves a better view .	comp_adj	971
An increase in production could send prices low .	An increase in production could send prices lower .	comp_adj	972
He has sought to low expectations .	He has sought to lower expectations .	comp_adj	973
The group 's shares closed 2.75p high at 193p .	The group 's shares closed 2.75p higher at 193p .	comp_adj	974
And old IQ tests were even less precise than modern ones .	And older IQ tests were even less precise than modern ones .	comp_adj	976
Those declines also mean U.S. consumers face high prices for imported goods .	Those declines also mean U.S. consumers face higher prices for imported goods .	comp_adj	977
And I knew something big had just begun .	And I knew something bigger had just begun .	comp_adj	978
Or bad : It could just be inhuman nature .	Or worse : It could just be inhuman nature .	comp_adj	983
YeboTV hopes to have good luck .	YeboTV hopes to have better luck .	comp_adj	984
As they grow old , it develops .	As they grow older , it develops .	comp_adj	985
Why would a mortgaged home be easy to sell ?	Why would a mortgaged home be easier to sell ?	comp_adj	986
Officials say the total could go high .	Officials say the total could go higher .	comp_adj	987
A young man greeted her exactly that way .	A younger man greeted her exactly that way .	comp_adj	988
The strength in technology and energy helped lead stocks high Friday .	The strength in technology and energy helped lead stocks higher Friday .	comp_adj	990
The government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero has cultivated friendly relations with Morocco .	The government of José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero has cultivated friendlier relations with Morocco .	comp_adj	991
Alcohol and acetaminophen can cause live damage .	Alcohol and acetaminophen can cause liver damage .	comp_adj	994
The increase resulted primarily from high net revenues from firm capacity reservation fees .	The increase resulted primarily from higher net revenues from firm capacity reservation fees .	comp_adj	995
But it is worth trying , because the alternatives are bad .	But it is worth trying , because the alternatives are worse .	comp_adj	996
So how can Oprah emerge from this a good person ?	So how can Oprah emerge from this a better person ?	comp_adj	997
London Business School 's Nigel Nicholson takes a close look at the issue .	London Business School 's Nigel Nicholson takes a closer look at the issue .	comp_adj	998
The small upstarts have actually made inroads .	The smaller upstarts have actually made inroads .	comp_adj	999
The young audience members shrieked .	The younger audience members shrieked .	comp_adj	1001
The congressmen from these districts all advocate stiff border controls .	The congressmen from these districts all advocate stiffer border controls .	comp_adj	1002
Financial services stocks were one sector leading futures high .	Financial services stocks were one sector leading futures higher .	comp_adj	1004
Did he mean weeks , or months , or long ?	Did he mean weeks , or months , or longer ?	comp_adj	1005
However , its rivals added subscribers at a fast pace .	However , its rivals added subscribers at a faster pace .	comp_adj	1008
We could not have asked for a good race season .	We could not have asked for a better race season .	comp_adj	1009
Still , not everybody was heeding the calls to head for high ground .	Still , not everybody was heeding the calls to head for higher ground .	comp_adj	1010
" Business has never been busy , " she says .	" Business has never been busier , " she says .	comp_adj	1012
Take good care of yourself , please .	Take better care of yourself , please .	comp_adj	1013
Sacramone finished .025 behind her young teammate .	Sacramone finished .025 behind her younger teammate .	comp_adj	1014
Then came lean times .	Then came leaner times .	comp_adj	1015
Give on the high end for especially heavy bags .	Give on the higher end for especially heavy bags .	comp_adj	1016
Football will always be far big and different .	Football will always be far bigger and different .	comp_adj	1019
They drill deep .	They drill deeper .	comp_adj	1022
It seems easy for many people to pretend it is not happening .	It seems easier for many people to pretend it is not happening .	comp_adj	1024
I cannot think of high praise .	I cannot think of higher praise .	comp_adj	1025
But Whisenhunt wanted to wait for a good job .	But Whisenhunt wanted to wait for a better job .	comp_adj	1027
It is this small size that has some podiatrists concerned .	It is this smaller size that has some podiatrists concerned .	comp_adj	1028
But do not discount the small Cirque , either .	But do not discount the smaller Cirque , either .	comp_adj	1030
This is all of us needing to do a good job .	This is all of us needing to do a better job .	comp_adj	1031
With low demand for loans , lenders lower interest rates .	With lower demand for loans , lenders lower interest rates .	comp_adj	1032
Today 's problem is big .	Today 's problem is bigger .	comp_adj	1033
Q : Do you think the British press is hard on you ?	Q : Do you think the British press is harder on you ?	comp_adj	1034
High energy prices and a weakening dollar are also hanging over the market .	Higher energy prices and a weakening dollar are also hanging over the market .	comp_adj	1035
Broad stock indexes fell .	Broader stock indexes fell .	comp_adj	1036
Some airlines have switched to large aircraft .	Some airlines have switched to larger aircraft .	comp_adj	1037
A strong dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers , dampening demand .	A stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers , dampening demand .	comp_adj	1039
No such risk was seen among light drinkers .	No such risk was seen among lighter drinkers .	comp_adj	1042
But his parents and old sister did not survive .	But his parents and older sister did not survive .	comp_adj	1044
I taught him as my own beloved young brother .	I taught him as my own beloved younger brother .	comp_adj	1046
Firm Plexicushion has replaced the Rebound Ace court surface at Melbourne Park .	Firmer Plexicushion has replaced the Rebound Ace court surface at Melbourne Park .	comp_adj	1048
Wouldn 't Facebook be a smart buy ?	Wouldn 't Facebook be a smarter buy ?	comp_adj	1049
Perhaps this acknowledges a reality of trying to reach a wide audience .	Perhaps this acknowledges a reality of trying to reach a wider audience .	comp_adj	1052
Will it make the anxious bicycle owners of Scotland feel safe at night ?	Will it make the anxious bicycle owners of Scotland feel safer at night ?	comp_adj	1053
Maximum sustained winds were near 35 mph with high gusts .	Maximum sustained winds were near 35 mph with higher gusts .	comp_adj	1055
This compensates for traditional bulbs being cheap to buy .	This compensates for traditional bulbs being cheaper to buy .	comp_adj	1056
There should be a far great commitment to exporting .	There should be a far greater commitment to exporting .	comp_adj	1057
But a fast track beckoned .	But a faster track beckoned .	comp_adj	1060
You cannot imagine a cool thing as a kid .	You cannot imagine a cooler thing as a kid .	comp_adj	1061
Other superheroes crowded around to get a close look .	Other superheroes crowded around to get a closer look .	comp_adj	1062
A year ago , rates on the various mortgage types were all high .	A year ago , rates on the various mortgage types were all higher .	comp_adj	1063
Broad stock indicators were mixed .	Broader stock indicators were mixed .	comp_adj	1064
Hundreds of small drips , most near the ceiling , were also found .	Hundreds of smaller drips , most near the ceiling , were also found .	comp_adj	1065
Recruitment problems were also bad in special schools .	Recruitment problems were also worse in special schools .	comp_adj	1067
Panamanian media say the death toll could be close to 50 .	Panamanian media say the death toll could be closer to 50 .	comp_adj	1068
The opposition is pushing for snap elections for the low house .	The opposition is pushing for snap elections for the lower house .	comp_adj	1069
Creating that ubiquity for a brand in the nondigital world is tough .	Creating that ubiquity for a brand in the nondigital world is tougher .	comp_adj	1070
He says armed forces will play great role in fighting crime .	He says armed forces will play greater role in fighting crime .	comp_adj	1071
It could also lead to their retirement at a low grade .	It could also lead to their retirement at a lower grade .	comp_adj	1072
Hold onto old cards .	Hold onto older cards .	comp_adj	1073
Even once recruited , the young people pose challenges for sampling studies .	Even once recruited , the younger people pose challenges for sampling studies .	comp_adj	1074
Israel wants something vague .	Israel wants something vaguer .	comp_adj	1075
They are just doing it in a good fashion .	They are just doing it in a better fashion .	comp_adj	1076
Only the Browns , with 145 turnovers , have been bad .	Only the Browns , with 145 turnovers , have been worse .	comp_adj	1078
The good odds also are due to better medical treatment and other advances .	The better odds also are due to better medical treatment and other advances .	comp_adj	1079
It is now simple to set up and configure than Windows .	It is now simpler to set up and configure than Windows .	comp_adj	1082
Environmental stability will be hard to achieve .	Environmental stability will be harder to achieve .	comp_adj	1084
We have got a large volume of high-budget blockbusters .	We have got a larger volume of high-budget blockbusters .	comp_adj	1085
Japanese exporter were also helped by the soft yen .	Japanese exporter were also helped by the softer yen .	comp_adj	1086
Young might seem irrational .	Younger might seem irrational .	comp_adj	1087
Abstinence from alcohol , another church practice , was a tough sell .	Abstinence from alcohol , another church practice , was a tougher sell .	comp_adj	1088
The broker said it saw good value elsewhere in Europe .	The broker said it saw better value elsewhere in Europe .	comp_adj	1089
Buyers might find it tough to qualify for a mortgage .	Buyers might find it tougher to qualify for a mortgage .	comp_adj	1091
There cannot be a stark indication of the shift in global economic power .	There cannot be a starker indication of the shift in global economic power .	comp_adj	1093
You need to develop good outer-directedness and responsiveness .	You need to develop better outer-directedness and responsiveness .	comp_adj	1094
It has led me to think harder , make smart decisions .	It has led me to think harder , make smarter decisions .	comp_adj	1095
It is easy not to do anything .	It is easier not to do anything .	comp_adj	1098
The other two bedrooms are on the low level .	The other two bedrooms are on the lower level .	comp_adj	1100
Great prosperity has brought mortgages and credit-card debts .	Greater prosperity has brought mortgages and credit-card debts .	comp_adj	1101
Tough curbs on cigarette smuggling can have the same effect .	Tougher curbs on cigarette smuggling can have the same effect .	comp_adj	1104
Thomas Jones ripped off four gains of eight yards or long .	Thomas Jones ripped off four gains of eight yards or longer .	comp_adj	1105
" These young kids want healthy food , " he said .	" These young kids want healthier food , " he said .	comp_adj	1106
It feels sweet to be here now .	It feels sweeter to be here now .	comp_adj	1107
The high currency makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	The higher currency makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	comp_adj	1108
The perceived soft stance has angered many pro-independence hard-liners .	The perceived softer stance has angered many pro-independence hard-liners .	comp_adj	1109
Perhaps some straitened banks found the money on good terms elsewhere .	Perhaps some straitened banks found the money on better terms elsewhere .	comp_adj	1111
But there was some good news from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday .	But there was some better news from Goldman Sachs on Tuesday .	comp_adj	1112
The games we have played have consistently gotten tough .	The games we have played have consistently gotten tougher .	comp_adj	1114
Broad market indexes also rose sharply .	Broader market indexes also rose sharply .	comp_adj	1115
It is not hard , just different .	It is not harder , just different .	comp_adj	1116
But the big reason for sitting Peterson intersects with Wilf 's own self-interest .	But the bigger reason for sitting Peterson intersects with Wilf 's own self-interest .	comp_adj	1118
They were the good team and this is their victory .	They were the better team and this is their victory .	comp_adj	1119
Gibbs was going gray by the day .	Gibbs was going grayer by the day .	comp_adj	1122
" Our children deserve access to free high education , " he said .	" Our children deserve access to free higher education , " he said .	comp_adj	1124
I want to just help them make good decisions .	I want to just help them make better decisions .	comp_adj	1126
It is hard to mitigate the immense economic damage natural disasters inflict .	It is harder to mitigate the immense economic damage natural disasters inflict .	comp_adj	1132
Four of the defendants had faced little charges before Tuesday 's filings .	Four of the defendants had faced lesser charges before Tuesday 's filings .	comp_adj	1133
However , the disease can be more severe in old people .	However , the disease can be more severe in older people .	comp_adj	1134
Small waves were recorded further down the coast .	Smaller waves were recorded further down the coast .	comp_adj	1136
The NFC 's a bit dicey .	The NFC 's a bit dicier .	comp_adj	1137
The low patio area surrounds the pool .	The lower patio area surrounds the pool .	comp_adj	1138
And Ms. Danilow could not be happy .	And Ms. Danilow could not be happier .	comp_adj	1139
The wide 10km surveillance zone remains in place .	The wider 10km surveillance zone remains in place .	comp_adj	1140
The old Miliband has a sense of humour .	The elder Miliband has a sense of humour .	comp_adj	1141
Consequently , it is simple to buy a factory-installed multichannel system .	Consequently , it is simpler to buy a factory-installed multichannel system .	comp_adj	1143
Could we start with an easy question ?	Could we start with an easier question ?	comp_adj	1144
I figured it would make me a strong person .	I figured it would make me a stronger person .	comp_adj	1146
There was a time when it was simple .	There was a time when it was simpler .	comp_adj	1151
The groups staged small rallies in Islamabad and the southern city of Karachi .	The groups staged smaller rallies in Islamabad and the southern city of Karachi .	comp_adj	1153
Your low back and tailbone should rest on the floor .	Your lower back and tailbone should rest on the floor .	comp_adj	1155
Cells that are less connected have a hard time sending messages .	Cells that are less connected have a harder time sending messages .	comp_adj	1156
Tight credit is also becoming a problem for retailers .	Tighter credit is also becoming a problem for retailers .	comp_adj	1160
I guess fairy tales make good stories .	I guess fairy tales make better stories .	comp_adj	1163
He knows from years of practice that brevity brings good crowds .	He knows from years of practice that brevity brings better crowds .	comp_adj	1164
" I think I am probably easy to date , " he says .	" I think I am probably easier to date , " he says .	comp_adj	1165
Rival custody banks also posted high profits this week .	Rival custody banks also posted higher profits this week .	comp_adj	1167
The study found people treated with minocycline had significantly good outcomes .	The study found people treated with minocycline had significantly better outcomes .	comp_adj	1168
Some museums also create programs for old adults .	Some museums also create programs for older adults .	comp_adj	1169
This will make for a big media splash .	This will make for a bigger media splash .	comp_adj	1171
I have had a non-relationship with my old sister for years .	I have had a non-relationship with my elder sister for years .	comp_adj	1173
High freight revenues in the current-year quarter caused the gross margin decline .	Higher freight revenues in the current-year quarter caused the gross margin decline .	comp_adj	1174
Also consider flying into small regional airports .	Also consider flying into smaller regional airports .	comp_adj	1176
But the ones in 2008 are strong .	But the ones in 2008 are stronger .	comp_adj	1178
Not good enough , close Jonathan Papelbon said .	Not good enough , closer Jonathan Papelbon said .	comp_adj	1179
Every year , we experience great rewards in working with them .	Every year , we experience greater rewards in working with them .	comp_adj	1180
Pity the surrounding countryside is not pretty , though .	Pity the surrounding countryside is not prettier , though .	comp_adj	1181
GRIFFIN : To put a big body on TV .	GRIFFIN : To put a bigger body on TV .	comp_adj	1182
You get good coverage -- and no splattering .	You get better coverage -- and no splattering .	comp_adj	1184
By Monday , the last thing the people of Lakeview felt was safe .	By Monday , the last thing the people of Lakeview felt was safer .	comp_adj	1189
Harris was shot in the low left leg .	Harris was shot in the lower left leg .	comp_adj	1191
The public is practical and wants tough enforcement .	The public is practical and wants tougher enforcement .	comp_adj	1193
Stock markets overseas were mostly high .	Stock markets overseas were mostly higher .	comp_adj	1194
But the big blazes are in Malibu .	But the bigger blazes are in Malibu .	comp_adj	1195
Today , the Internet has indeed transformed high education .	Today , the Internet has indeed transformed higher education .	comp_adj	1196
Viewers were left none the wise .	Viewers were left none the wiser .	comp_adj	1200
" " An alcohol issue is easy to detect .	" " An alcohol issue is easier to detect .	comp_adj	1201
Only Texas has a high rate .	Only Texas has a higher rate .	comp_adj	1204
Other governments are quietly looking for solutions close to home .	Other governments are quietly looking for solutions closer to home .	comp_adj	1205
Resolution 's strong health insurance operation could beef up Standard 's weak division .	Resolution 's strong health insurance operation could beef up Standard 's weaker division .	comp_adj	1209
It is big .	It is bigger .	comp_adj	1212
Religious officials say agricultural issues seem to be particularly appealing to young people .	Religious officials say agricultural issues seem to be particularly appealing to younger people .	comp_adj	1213
The stakes could not be high .	The stakes could not be higher .	comp_adj	1214
Do we need to go slow ?	Do we need to go slower ?	comp_adj	1216
Obviously it is a way big scale .	Obviously it is a way bigger scale .	comp_adj	1217
And somehow , these restaurants make the big size sounds cheap .	And somehow , these restaurants make the big size sounds cheaper .	comp_adj	1218
Olsson said customers have expressed their wish for a quiet alternative .	Olsson said customers have expressed their wish for a quieter alternative .	comp_adj	1220
Oil prices slipped , while precious and industrial metals edged high .	Oil prices slipped , while precious and industrial metals edged higher .	comp_adj	1221
Gold was low in London .	Gold was lower in London .	comp_adj	1225
Its economy is strained ; witness the ever feeble dollar .	Its economy is strained ; witness the ever feebler dollar .	comp_adj	1227
However , that would not necessarily mean safe roads , authorities cautioned .	However , that would not necessarily mean safer roads , authorities cautioned .	comp_adj	1229
Is this a sign of a great problem , like depression ?	Is this a sign of a greater problem , like depression ?	comp_adj	1230
You 'll have high immune response .	You 'll have higher immune response .	comp_adj	1231
From the first moment I noticed the injury I feared for the bad .	From the first moment I noticed the injury I feared for the worse .	comp_adj	1232
If anything , the oil-related stories would seem to support high prices .	If anything , the oil-related stories would seem to support higher prices .	comp_adj	1234
It is hard to work out which is the great miracle .	It is hard to work out which is the greater miracle .	comp_adj	1236
Cancer treatment typically is far lengthy and complicated .	Cancer treatment typically is far lengthier and complicated .	comp_adj	1237
Of small core group , two were in Russia .	Of smaller core group , two were in Russia .	comp_adj	1238
Currently , the state gets water from Lanier under small , short-term contracts .	Currently , the state gets water from Lanier under smaller , short-term contracts .	comp_adj	1243
But that could change as the elections draw near .	But that could change as the elections draw nearer .	comp_adj	1247
Students there are also being urged to practice good hygiene .	Students there are also being urged to practice better hygiene .	comp_adj	1249
Many Nasdaq or small stocks were flat or low .	Many Nasdaq or small stocks were flat or lower .	comp_adj	1250
The lawsuits cast a wide net .	The lawsuits cast a wider net .	comp_adj	1251
Airport officials are working on extending one runway to accommodate big planes .	Airport officials are working on extending one runway to accommodate bigger planes .	comp_adj	1252
But Sanders had a big personal goal this year : staying healthy .	But Sanders had a bigger personal goal this year : staying healthy .	comp_adj	1253
There also needs to be a clear plan .	There also needs to be a clearer plan .	comp_adj	1254
He called for global lifestyle changes to make the world a good place .	He called for global lifestyle changes to make the world a better place .	comp_adj	1255
We could not be happy .	We could not be happier .	comp_adj	1256
Most Democratic governors received high grades .	Most Democratic governors received higher grades .	comp_adj	1259
The relative contemporary is hard .	The relative contemporary is harder .	comp_adj	1260
Too many designers retail a hipster pose that has truly seen good days .	Too many designers retail a hipster pose that has truly seen better days .	comp_adj	1261
The margin of error will be large for sub-groupings of the survey population .	The margin of error will be larger for sub-groupings of the survey population .	comp_adj	1262
I am sure Des had fled to somewhere safe , like Iraq .	I am sure Des had fled to somewhere safer , like Iraq .	comp_adj	1263
The heavy demand for Treasurys sent yields sharply low .	The heavy demand for Treasurys sent yields sharply lower .	comp_adj	1265
They will provide for reduced infections and high cleaning standards .	They will provide for reduced infections and higher cleaning standards .	comp_adj	1266
Some have been able to refinance into good loans .	Some have been able to refinance into better loans .	comp_adj	1268
The young Evans served in the Royal Air Force in World War II .	The younger Evans served in the Royal Air Force in World War II .	comp_adj	1269
Here is another way , a good way .	Here is another way , a better way .	comp_adj	1270
Often that will mean a light touch .	Often that will mean a lighter touch .	comp_adj	1271
That is going to create a deep audience for her .	That is going to create a deeper audience for her .	comp_adj	1272
Still , he rejected the broad critique .	Still , he rejected the broader critique .	comp_adj	1274
This increase was partially offset by low average TiO2 selling prices .	This increase was partially offset by lower average TiO2 selling prices .	comp_adj	1275
It allows them to maintain a big network .	It allows them to maintain a bigger network .	comp_adj	1276
For first-generation migrants , this often fails to translate into high wages .	For first-generation migrants , this often fails to translate into higher wages .	comp_adj	1278
Consumers may also value the perceived stability of big institutions .	Consumers may also value the perceived stability of bigger institutions .	comp_adj	1280
They are calm now .	They are calmer now .	comp_adj	1282
" " Men get big stuff though .	" " Men get bigger stuff though .	comp_adj	1283
Small parties make up the rest of the vote .	Smaller parties make up the rest of the vote .	comp_adj	1285
As hours passed , hope of finding anyone alive deep underground grew faint .	As hours passed , hope of finding anyone alive deep underground grew fainter .	comp_adj	1287
The drug agency approved some when its standards were far low .	The drug agency approved some when its standards were far lower .	comp_adj	1288
If inflation concerns begin to percolate , mortgage rates would move high .	If inflation concerns begin to percolate , mortgage rates would move higher .	comp_adj	1291
We are trying to get our teenage daughters to act old .	We are trying to get our teenage daughters to act older .	comp_adj	1292
Close Jonathan Papelbon recorded his 35th save .	Closer Jonathan Papelbon recorded his 35th save .	comp_adj	1293
I cannot think of a good way to pass the time .	I cannot think of a better way to pass the time .	comp_adj	1296
Deaths from flu and low respiratory disease jumped in 2005 .	Deaths from flu and lower respiratory disease jumped in 2005 .	comp_adj	1297
The new test will be tough .	The new test will be tougher .	comp_adj	1299
Hate long layovers ?	Hate longer layovers ?	comp_adj	1300
Does hardware have a soft side ?	Does hardware have a softer side ?	comp_adj	1301
But tight regulation could drive many companies away .	But tighter regulation could drive many companies away .	comp_adj	1303
If anything , the habeas corpus and Guantanamo Bay issues will be tough .	If anything , the habeas corpus and Guantanamo Bay issues will be tougher .	comp_adj	1304
We had been together for the good part of five years .	We had been together for the better part of five years .	comp_adj	1306
The winner was close Chad Cordero ( 3-3 ) .	The winner was closer Chad Cordero ( 3-3 ) .	comp_adj	1310
" His powerful mind is healthy , " the acting president said .	" His powerful mind is healthier , " the acting president said .	comp_adj	1311
There are good ways .	There are better ways .	comp_adj	1315
Old students gathered at the neighboring Jokela church for classes , police confirmed .	Older students gathered at the neighboring Jokela church for classes , police confirmed .	comp_adj	1316
Crude typically can fall on reports about low consumer spending .	Crude typically can fall on reports about lower consumer spending .	comp_adj	1317
Other congressional actions could have a far great impact on the industry .	Other congressional actions could have a far greater impact on the industry .	comp_adj	1318
Other commodities also shot high yesterday .	Other commodities also shot higher yesterday .	comp_adj	1320
Broad stock indexes also declined modestly .	Broader stock indexes also declined modestly .	comp_adj	1321
Broad stock indicators also dipped .	Broader stock indicators also dipped .	comp_adj	1323
This risk is usually great for longer-term debt securities .	This risk is usually greater for longer-term debt securities .	comp_adj	1324
So it may be maneuvering for good terms from Hollywood .	So it may be maneuvering for better terms from Hollywood .	comp_adj	1325
The BMA called for a wide public debate on the issue .	The BMA called for a wider public debate on the issue .	comp_adj	1326
Panamanian law mandates home detention for anyone age 74 or old .	Panamanian law mandates home detention for anyone age 74 or older .	comp_adj	1327
The truth is , Pryce 's opponents did bad .	The truth is , Pryce 's opponents did worse .	comp_adj	1328
And I think that is what drew me close to New Orleans .	And I think that is what drew me closer to New Orleans .	comp_adj	1330
Tough lending standards also have affected prospective buyers with good credit .	Tougher lending standards also have affected prospective buyers with good credit .	comp_adj	1331
The broad S & P index rose 2.9 % .	The broader S & P index rose 2.9 % .	comp_adj	1332
But is there a good time to fill up ?	But is there a better time to fill up ?	comp_adj	1336
He said he would be looking for jobs close to Metro stations .	He said he would be looking for jobs closer to Metro stations .	comp_adj	1337
On the flip-side , the success rates are low , however .	On the flip-side , the success rates are lower , however .	comp_adj	1339
But warm bedding also created a new vector for mites .	But warmer bedding also created a new vector for mites .	comp_adj	1340
The inflationary risks from a weak dollar are also easily overdone .	The inflationary risks from a weaker dollar are also easily overdone .	comp_adj	1341
And all these arguments reached large dimensions after her death .	And all these arguments reached larger dimensions after her death .	comp_adj	1343
" and " Why do pruned trees grow full ?	" and " Why do pruned trees grow fuller ?	comp_adj	1346
Even the young generation is ready to fight .	Even the younger generation is ready to fight .	comp_adj	1347
The low house is supposed to convene within a month of the election .	The lower house is supposed to convene within a month of the election .	comp_adj	1349
But , he said , the medallions offered yesterday carry a great risk .	But , he said , the medallions offered yesterday carry a greater risk .	comp_adj	1350
Women had a long vision .	Women had a longer vision .	comp_adj	1351
Barrington-Coupe said the deception grew easy over time .	Barrington-Coupe said the deception grew easier over time .	comp_adj	1352
Not that it is easy , do not get me wrong .	Not that it is easier , do not get me wrong .	comp_adj	1354
But since then , English rugby has taken a turn for the bad .	But since then , English rugby has taken a turn for the worse .	comp_adj	1355
Could happen if Eli Manning again resembles his vaunted old brother .	Could happen if Eli Manning again resembles his vaunted older brother .	comp_adj	1356
It was quiet for a time .	It was quieter for a time .	comp_adj	1358
Consumers object to being overcharged and pick good value for their money .	Consumers object to being overcharged and pick better value for their money .	comp_adj	1360
Airports face an arguably tough choice .	Airports face an arguably tougher choice .	comp_adj	1362
The first is a good understanding of the homeless population .	The first is a better understanding of the homeless population .	comp_adj	1363
Now she is using poems by other , good poets .	Now she is using poems by other , better poets .	comp_adj	1365
A low profile might be best .	A lower profile might be best .	comp_adj	1366
" I could not be happy with our form , " said Ferguson .	" I could not be happier with our form , " said Ferguson .	comp_adj	1367
Fifteen of the victims were 21 years old or young .	Fifteen of the victims were 21 years old or younger .	comp_adj	1369
Callers must be 21 years of age or old .	Callers must be 21 years of age or older .	comp_adj	1370
Easy said than done , as it turned out .	Easier said than done , as it turned out .	comp_adj	1372
Coffee 's connection to diabetes prevention appears clear .	Coffee 's connection to diabetes prevention appears clearer .	comp_adj	1373
Solemn 's cozy .	Solemn 's cozier .	comp_adj	1374
All of this may make a good market for home buyers .	All of this may make a better market for home buyers .	comp_adj	1375
That said , many long-standing dollar bulwarks are looking weak .	That said , many long-standing dollar bulwarks are looking weaker .	comp_adj	1378
British Energy 's shares sparked 31.25p high to 490p .	British Energy 's shares sparked 31.25p higher to 490p .	comp_adj	1379
Women typically have a good chance of surviving a heart attack than men .	Women typically have a better chance of surviving a heart attack than men .	comp_adj	1380
Low foreclosure rates could help keep crime rates down .	Lower foreclosure rates could help keep crime rates down .	comp_adj	1381
All three major markets indexes closed high yesterday .	All three major markets indexes closed higher yesterday .	comp_adj	1383
On a year-on-year basis , industrial production was 0.2-percent low .	On a year-on-year basis , industrial production was 0.2-percent lower .	comp_adj	1384
They are also fresh .	They are also fresher .	comp_adj	1385
Broad stock indicators likewise showed little movement .	Broader stock indicators likewise showed little movement .	comp_adj	1386
To be honest , I have rarely felt safe in New York .	To be honest , I have rarely felt safer in New York .	comp_adj	1387
The tough laws may yet succeed .	The tougher laws may yet succeed .	comp_adj	1389
it gets exploded into a big story .	it gets exploded into a bigger story .	comp_adj	1390
Still , the trend this year has been toward soft job growth .	Still , the trend this year has been toward softer job growth .	comp_adj	1391
He cited new research linking insufficient sleep to poor metabolism and appetite control .	He cited new research linking insufficient sleep to poorer metabolism and appetite control .	comp_adj	1392
It is also easy to send presents to my family in Australia .	It is also easier to send presents to my family in Australia .	comp_adj	1393
We do not have the good coach .	We do not have the better coach .	comp_adj	1394
But there was an ugly side to Tailgate .	But there was an uglier side to Tailgate .	comp_adj	1396
His swimsuits continued the broad fashion week trend of modesty .	His swimsuits continued the broader fashion week trend of modesty .	comp_adj	1397
Most commented on the wide benefits , it said .	Most commented on the wider benefits , it said .	comp_adj	1398
There had been speculation on Wall Street that this amount was significantly high .	There had been speculation on Wall Street that this amount was significantly higher .	comp_adj	1399
The outcome is lower IT operating costs and a small environmental footprint .	The outcome is lower IT operating costs and a smaller environmental footprint .	comp_adj	1400
Yes , we need tough courts .	Yes , we need tougher courts .	comp_adj	1401
Now that the days are short , the daylight-saving advantage has largely dissipated .	Now that the days are shorter , the daylight-saving advantage has largely dissipated .	comp_adj	1404
Another factor in the decline is clean water .	Another factor in the decline is cleaner water .	comp_adj	1405
The rate of degradation is also faster at high temperatures , she said .	The rate of degradation is also faster at higher temperatures , she said .	comp_adj	1406
But some options may bring a rich payback .	But some options may bring a richer payback .	comp_adj	1407
Meeting Mr. Riley , especially in character as Ian , was hard .	Meeting Mr. Riley , especially in character as Ian , was harder .	comp_adj	1409
Large issues are now involved .	Larger issues are now involved .	comp_adj	1410
Nearly three-in-four residents of nursing facilities were 75 or old .	Nearly three-in-four residents of nursing facilities were 75 or older .	comp_adj	1411
Something strong must be used .	Something stronger must be used .	comp_adj	1412
But Stephen fears long hours would make repairs harder .	But Stephen fears longer hours would make repairs harder .	comp_adj	1413
It is easy to fine parents or take them to court .	It is easier to fine parents or take them to court .	comp_adj	1414
Children with ADHD have a tough time controlling their behavior and paying attention .	Children with ADHD have a tougher time controlling their behavior and paying attention .	comp_adj	1416
Many of the following require guests to be 21 or old .	Many of the following require guests to be 21 or older .	comp_adj	1417
But the rest are new in the business .	But the rest are newer in the business .	comp_adj	1418
I know I wished that when I was young .	I know I wished that when I was younger .	comp_adj	1419
Yeager said a high court should decide that question .	Yeager said a higher court should decide that question .	comp_adj	1420
Mr. Edwards was quiet , friends recalled .	Mr. Edwards was quieter , friends recalled .	comp_adj	1421
Miami clearly had big problems .	Miami clearly had bigger problems .	comp_adj	1422
Maximum sustained winds were near 40 mph with high gusts .	Maximum sustained winds were near 40 mph with higher gusts .	comp_adj	1423
It does not hurt that European utilities are used to low margins .	It does not hurt that European utilities are used to lower margins .	comp_adj	1424
In Europe , major markets were also low in midday trading .	In Europe , major markets were also lower in midday trading .	comp_adj	1425
Old books cost $ 3 to $ 6 .	Older books cost $ 3 to $ 6 .	comp_adj	1426
Fuel and legal costs also are contributing to second-quarter predictions of slow growth .	Fuel and legal costs also are contributing to second-quarter predictions of slower growth .	comp_adj	1427
Under parliamentary rules , the low house decision triumphed .	Under parliamentary rules , the lower house decision triumphed .	comp_adj	1428
The hot bits of Islam have also gained ground .	The hotter bits of Islam have also gained ground .	comp_adj	1429
He is now running a lean campaign ... on ethanol .	He is now running a leaner campaign ... on ethanol .	comp_adj	1430
They can go to a mid-cap firm whose rates are low .	They can go to a mid-cap firm whose rates are lower .	comp_adj	1433
He heard a vacuum clean in the hall .	He heard a vacuum cleaner in the hall .	comp_adj	1434
Pity the poor young sister .	Pity the poor younger sister .	comp_adj	1435
Monday is typically a light day for Metrorail and other commuting traffic .	Monday is typically a lighter day for Metrorail and other commuting traffic .	comp_adj	1437
" Today 's one of my good days , " Stoudemire said .	" Today 's one of my better days , " Stoudemire said .	comp_adj	1438
The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthy neighborhoods .	The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthier neighborhoods .	comp_adj	1439
Their great obligation is to their own playoff prospects .	Their greater obligation is to their own playoff prospects .	comp_adj	1440
Global stockpiles have dwindled to a 26-year low and sent prices surging high .	Global stockpiles have dwindled to a 26-year low and sent prices surging higher .	comp_adj	1441
Still , Ivanka has big fish to fry .	Still , Ivanka has bigger fish to fry .	comp_adj	1442
Old kids vie for places on travel squads that play against neighboring cities .	Older kids vie for places on travel squads that play against neighboring cities .	comp_adj	1443
A long runway was ruled out in 2003 .	A longer runway was ruled out in 2003 .	comp_adj	1445
She was from a middle-class Baghdad family that had seen good days .	She was from a middle-class Baghdad family that had seen better days .	comp_adj	1447
" They stand a good chance , " he said .	" They stand a better chance , " he said .	comp_adj	1448
Opening up that market to sunlight could help people get fair prices .	Opening up that market to sunlight could help people get fairer prices .	comp_adj	1450
Last week , stock market saw wild swings but finished high .	Last week , stock market saw wild swings but finished higher .	comp_adj	1452
It has multispectral as well as high resolution sensors .	It has multispectral as well as higher resolution sensors .	comp_adj	1453
The Colts are relying on young players to fill the voids .	The Colts are relying on younger players to fill the voids .	comp_adj	1454
In sum , AnyDATA provides wireless solutions for a smart world .	In sum , AnyDATA provides wireless solutions for a smarter world .	comp_adj	1456
I am finally getting a big paycheck now .	I am finally getting a bigger paycheck now .	comp_adj	1458
But that part is the weak half .	But that part is the weaker half .	comp_adj	1460
Rivera is the likely to stay put .	Rivera is the likelier to stay put .	comp_adj	1461
The two are apparently on good terms .	The two are apparently on better terms .	comp_adj	1462
Life would be dull for their absence .	Life would be duller for their absence .	comp_adj	1463
More likely to be paid high salaries .	More likely to be paid higher salaries .	comp_adj	1465
And if he does , that can only make him a good player .	And if he does , that can only make him a better player .	comp_adj	1466
He is been bothered by a low back strain .	He is been bothered by a lower back strain .	comp_adj	1467
And Brennan could not be happy with how everything turned out .	And Brennan could not be happier with how everything turned out .	comp_adj	1468
Moscow has already voted for two sets of mild sanctions .	Moscow has already voted for two sets of milder sanctions .	comp_adj	1469
Ideally , that leads to good games .	Ideally , that leads to better games .	comp_adj	1470
The large game industry is taking notice .	The larger game industry is taking notice .	comp_adj	1472
Now that figure is close to a third .	Now that figure is closer to a third .	comp_adj	1473
Of great concern is the dwindling size of his congregation .	Of greater concern is the dwindling size of his congregation .	comp_adj	1474
Close Manny Corpas is just 24 .	Closer Manny Corpas is just 24 .	comp_adj	1475
On a bright note , Keri Russell and Brendan Frasier earned high marks .	On a brighter note , Keri Russell and Brendan Frasier earned high marks .	comp_adj	1476
But take a close look .	But take a closer look .	comp_adj	1477
They are supported by the wide community .	They are supported by the wider community .	comp_adj	1479
Close Joe Borowski notched the final three outs for the save .	Closer Joe Borowski notched the final three outs for the save .	comp_adj	1480
There are bad places to look .	There are worse places to look .	comp_adj	1481
Bad news was coming .	Worse news was coming .	comp_adj	1485
But Bruce did not disappoint with old songs too .	But Bruce did not disappoint with older songs too .	comp_adj	1486
Take the great Miami area .	Take the greater Miami area .	comp_adj	1487
He used a large knife only for slicing .	He used a larger knife only for slicing .	comp_adj	1488
Our thoughts exist in broad company .	Our thoughts exist in broader company .	comp_adj	1489
The returnees find a capital that offers great freedom of movement .	The returnees find a capital that offers greater freedom of movement .	comp_adj	1491
Both companies reported high profits last week .	Both companies reported higher profits last week .	comp_adj	1493
The big question is will those others be in China or somewhere else .	The bigger question is will those others be in China or somewhere else .	comp_adj	1494
He needed Hamilton to finish sixth or bad .	He needed Hamilton to finish sixth or worse .	comp_adj	1495
Broad stock indicators fell 8.43 , or 0.57 percent , to 1,475.52 .	Broader stock indicators fell 8.43 , or 0.57 percent , to 1,475.52 .	comp_adj	1500
" Everyone wants big hard drives now , " Watkins said .	" Everyone wants bigger hard drives now , " Watkins said .	comp_adj	1501
There is a great variety of work .	There is a greater variety of work .	comp_adj	1502
But you can get a good deal by booking through a tour operator .	But you can get a better deal by booking through a tour operator .	comp_adj	1506
But are they a good bet economically and environmentally ?	But are they a better bet economically and environmentally ?	comp_adj	1507
The remainder is primarily the result of low investment returns .	The remainder is primarily the result of lower investment returns .	comp_adj	1508
The broad themes are a national scandal .	The broader themes are a national scandal .	comp_adj	1509
Did the economy shift into a low gear in October ?	Did the economy shift into a lower gear in October ?	comp_adj	1516
Mike Mihale remembers when the industry operated on a small scale .	Mike Mihale remembers when the industry operated on a smaller scale .	comp_adj	1517
I do not think the other side has ever been strong .	I do not think the other side has ever been stronger .	comp_adj	1519
When I hit the switch , it good work .	When I hit the switch , it better work .	comp_adj	1521
Cleveland was a double-play ground from winning the crown at Florida in 1997 .	Cleveland was a double-play grounder from winning the crown at Florida in 1997 .	comp_adj	1523
Or it may be that old people are more sensitive to noise .	Or it may be that older people are more sensitive to noise .	comp_adj	1524
That , of course , describes many old people .	That , of course , describes many older people .	comp_adj	1526
She said she was never close to his house than the sidewalk .	She said she was never closer to his house than the sidewalk .	comp_adj	1527
There are three bedrooms upstairs and two on the low level .	There are three bedrooms upstairs and two on the lower level .	comp_adj	1528
Long term , too , there may be repercussions .	Longer term , too , there may be repercussions .	comp_adj	1529
They also offer amenities that only large companies can typically afford .	They also offer amenities that only larger companies can typically afford .	comp_adj	1531
The up stairs are on the low level .	The up stairs are on the lower level .	comp_adj	1532
A long version of this interview is available at nytimes.com / business .	A longer version of this interview is available at nytimes.com / business .	comp_adj	1533
The tight definitions went into effect in January .	The tighter definitions went into effect in January .	comp_adj	1534
We will live up to a high standard .	We will live up to a higher standard .	comp_adj	1536
Good weather was partly to credit for the improved results .	Better weather was partly to credit for the improved results .	comp_adj	1537
But he said he did not see it spreading to the broad economy .	But he said he did not see it spreading to the broader economy .	comp_adj	1538
Austin figured the three-shot deficit would have be bad .	Austin figured the three-shot deficit would have be worse .	comp_adj	1542
The companies say the move is intended to promote good animal welfare .	The companies say the move is intended to promote better animal welfare .	comp_adj	1543
Gold prices moved high .	Gold prices moved higher .	comp_adj	1544
This enables engines to perform at a high level .	This enables engines to perform at a higher level .	comp_adj	1545
Other banks also indicated a weak start .	Other banks also indicated a weaker start .	comp_adj	1546
He also needs to be clear about where he stands on executive privilege .	He also needs to be clearer about where he stands on executive privilege .	comp_adj	1548
Has this year made me a good lover ?	Has this year made me a better lover ?	comp_adj	1551
Halve the recipe for a small gathering .	Halve the recipe for a smaller gathering .	comp_adj	1552
Those shining examples of school success do not deny this big picture .	Those shining examples of school success do not deny this bigger picture .	comp_adj	1553
Peanuts got tough hulls .	Peanuts got tougher hulls .	comp_adj	1554
Poor people do not have those choices .	Poorer people do not have those choices .	comp_adj	1555
The ratings have been high for them this year .	The ratings have been higher for them this year .	comp_adj	1556
It is a good way to communicate .	It is a better way to communicate .	comp_adj	1557
We writers are quiet types .	We writers are quieter types .	comp_adj	1558
Thompson also called for strong border security .	Thompson also called for stronger border security .	comp_adj	1559
The old monks were too frightened and hesitant .	The older monks were too frightened and hesitant .	comp_adj	1560
Things got bad Monday , when new fires sprouted and others merged .	Things got worse Monday , when new fires sprouted and others merged .	comp_adj	1561
But an unexpected turnaround has allowed Spagnuolo to take a light view .	But an unexpected turnaround has allowed Spagnuolo to take a lighter view .	comp_adj	1562
About 93 percent of deaths occur in people 55 and old .	About 93 percent of deaths occur in people 55 and older .	comp_adj	1563
Broad stock indicators also jumped .	Broader stock indicators also jumped .	comp_adj	1564
Lilly says her new and large role is no big deal .	Lilly says her new and larger role is no big deal .	comp_adj	1565
Big problems could come out over the next few months .	Bigger problems could come out over the next few months .	comp_adj	1566
Chinese officials have promised strict supervision of the industry .	Chinese officials have promised stricter supervision of the industry .	comp_adj	1567
But , take a close look .	But , take a closer look .	comp_adj	1568
We just need to concentrate on making good pitches .	We just need to concentrate on making better pitches .	comp_adj	1569
But chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin is eyeing a big prize .	But chief executive Sir Fred Goodwin is eyeing a bigger prize .	comp_adj	1571
The other was short .	The other was shorter .	comp_adj	1572
Strict passport regulations implement earlier this year created months-long backups in applications .	Stricter passport regulations implement earlier this year created months-long backups in applications .	comp_adj	1573
The president 's broad advocacy of liberty is a staple of his speeches .	The president 's broader advocacy of liberty is a staple of his speeches .	comp_adj	1574
So keep walking yourself to a small waist !	So keep walking yourself to a smaller waist !	comp_adj	1575
They are pretty , but they are just eggs .	They are prettier , but they are just eggs .	comp_adj	1577
Read it for a ( slightly ) good grasp .	Read it for a ( slightly ) better grasp .	comp_adj	1583
A slow pace is what most Memphis opponents want .	A slower pace is what most Memphis opponents want .	comp_adj	1585
But there is a big factor .	But there is a bigger factor .	comp_adj	1586
I think maybe " eccentric " is a good word .	I think maybe " eccentric " is a better word .	comp_adj	1587
African American women also appear to be at high risk for the disease .	African American women also appear to be at higher risk for the disease .	comp_adj	1588
And there are worries that hacking the updated phone will be hard .	And there are worries that hacking the updated phone will be harder .	comp_adj	1589
Small wonder some parents are pursuing cheap options .	Small wonder some parents are pursuing cheaper options .	comp_adj	1591
" Wheat 's easy to raise , " Skunes said .	" Wheat 's easier to raise , " Skunes said .	comp_adj	1594
We could not ask for a good partner .	We could not ask for a better partner .	comp_adj	1595
Otherwise , it is mainly spoken by old people .	Otherwise , it is mainly spoken by older people .	comp_adj	1596
I should give a good effort and win with that .	I should give a better effort and win with that .	comp_adj	1597
There was a second , small clash between protesters and police .	There was a second , smaller clash between protesters and police .	comp_adj	1598
Me : OK , so now it is hard .	Me : OK , so now it is harder .	comp_adj	1599
Education is a hot topic for children .	Education is a hotter topic for children .	comp_adj	1600
This definitely was one of my good games .	This definitely was one of my better games .	comp_adj	1601
If Alonso is second Hamilton will have to be sixth or bad .	If Alonso is second Hamilton will have to be sixth or worse .	comp_adj	1603
Listeners are close to the stage than at Tully .	Listeners are closer to the stage than at Tully .	comp_adj	1604
Everybody will be happy .	Everybody will be happier .	comp_adj	1605
There are bad challenges to face .	There are worse challenges to face .	comp_adj	1607
Out-of-town reviews were equally tepid - or bad .	Out-of-town reviews were equally tepid - or worse .	comp_adj	1610
The gains left stocks sharply high for the week .	The gains left stocks sharply higher for the week .	comp_adj	1611
It was tricky in Italy .	It was trickier in Italy .	comp_adj	1613
EVERYTHING can seem small in Europe .	EVERYTHING can seem smaller in Europe .	comp_adj	1616
The old Podhoretz told him no .	The elder Podhoretz told him no .	comp_adj	1618
The result is good weight distribution and potentially improved handling and ride .	The result is better weight distribution and potentially improved handling and ride .	comp_adj	1620
And in so doing she might have elicited deep sympathy and interest .	And in so doing she might have elicited deeper sympathy and interest .	comp_adj	1621
Miners also rose strongly , owing to high metals prices .	Miners also rose strongly , owing to higher metals prices .	comp_adj	1623
Strong democracies have brought demands for a share-out of economic growth .	Stronger democracies have brought demands for a share-out of economic growth .	comp_adj	1624
The world economy would be cleansed of its imbalances , emerging strong .	The world economy would be cleansed of its imbalances , emerging stronger .	comp_adj	1627
They deserve good support at home .	They deserve better support at home .	comp_adj	1628
It would be cheap in the long run .	It would be cheaper in the long run .	comp_adj	1629
To keep those investors buying , the Treasury pays high interest rates .	To keep those investors buying , the Treasury pays higher interest rates .	comp_adj	1630
My young brother had a stuffed leopard that he renamed Sputnik .	My younger brother had a stuffed leopard that he renamed Sputnik .	comp_adj	1631
Now it is bad .	Now it is worse .	comp_adj	1633
A big problem was the discounting of prices by supermarkets and off licences .	A bigger problem was the discounting of prices by supermarkets and off licences .	comp_adj	1634
You rather suspect they might have good manners .	You rather suspect they might have better manners .	comp_adj	1635
A strong yen deflates yen-based futures prices .	A stronger yen deflates yen-based futures prices .	comp_adj	1636
Pay TV channels have a small but significant audience .	Pay TV channels have a smaller but significant audience .	comp_adj	1637
Despite his progress , Healy insists federal legislation needs to be tough .	Despite his progress , Healy insists federal legislation needs to be tougher .	comp_adj	1641
Good technology also is needed , Hubbard said .	Better technology also is needed , Hubbard said .	comp_adj	1644
Military officials gave small numbers .	Military officials gave smaller numbers .	comp_adj	1645
There are also long trip options in the Caribbean .	There are also longer trip options in the Caribbean .	comp_adj	1648
But there is something dark at work .	But there is something darker at work .	comp_adj	1650
The vehicles give troops good protection against roadside bombs .	The vehicles give troops better protection against roadside bombs .	comp_adj	1651
Severe attacks may require high doses of steroids , taken in pills .	Severe attacks may require higher doses of steroids , taken in pills .	comp_adj	1652
International Paper and Chevron also moved low on profit news .	International Paper and Chevron also moved lower on profit news .	comp_adj	1653
But she sees a big picture .	But she sees a bigger picture .	comp_adj	1655
Obama runs better among young Democratic voters and minorities .	Obama runs better among younger Democratic voters and minorities .	comp_adj	1658
Holman recommended a blue fedora with a narrow brim .	Holman recommended a blue fedora with a narrower brim .	comp_adj	1662
This large company had a layoff and I lost my job .	This larger company had a layoff and I lost my job .	comp_adj	1664
And I had grown old .	And I had grown older .	comp_adj	1666
The dollar 's decline is already contributing to high oil prices .	The dollar 's decline is already contributing to higher oil prices .	comp_adj	1667
To be sure , eBay has good deals .	To be sure , eBay has better deals .	comp_adj	1668
But the new scans are controversial .	But the newer scans are controversial .	comp_adj	1669
I hope the next three months are easy .	I hope the next three months are easier .	comp_adj	1670
Which is the sexy story ?	Which is the sexier story ?	comp_adj	1671
It is vastly simple in the popular imagination .	It is vastly simpler in the popular imagination .	comp_adj	1674
And it appears Golston and Montgomery are ready for big roles .	And it appears Golston and Montgomery are ready for bigger roles .	comp_adj	1675
But more does not mean happy .	But more does not mean happier .	comp_adj	1676
Rhodes is 70 , though he looks somewhat young .	Rhodes is 70 , though he looks somewhat younger .	comp_adj	1679
" Fortunately , cool heads prevailed , " Afshin wrote .	" Fortunately , cooler heads prevailed , " Afshin wrote .	comp_adj	1682
Ms. Mort 's version is kind .	Ms. Mort 's version is kinder .	comp_adj	1684
" They 've probably never been safe , " she added .	" They 've probably never been safer , " she added .	comp_adj	1686
Shorter-term , conventional mortgages and auto loans are cheap .	Shorter-term , conventional mortgages and auto loans are cheaper .	comp_adj	1690
This was due to low sales at Yanacocha .	This was due to lower sales at Yanacocha .	comp_adj	1691
You will also be steady on your feet .	You will also be steadier on your feet .	comp_adj	1692
The young one nagged me relentlessly about boarding school .	The younger one nagged me relentlessly about boarding school .	comp_adj	1694
Demand is high and supply worsening .	Demand is higher and supply worsening .	comp_adj	1695
Recent Turner shortlists reflect a great seriousness .	Recent Turner shortlists reflect a greater seriousness .	comp_adj	1699
Airlines could sell tickets cheap for kids .	Airlines could sell tickets cheaper for kids .	comp_adj	1701
Colombia offers distinct advantages besides low costs .	Colombia offers distinct advantages besides lower costs .	comp_adj	1702
The big question , is can anyone beat them ?	The bigger question , is can anyone beat them ?	comp_adj	1703
Delta exited bankruptcy a lean airline .	Delta exited bankruptcy a leaner airline .	comp_adj	1704
Shares were modestly low on the session .	Shares were modestly lower on the session .	comp_adj	1706
Musharraf adversaries said large protests are expected later this week .	Musharraf adversaries said larger protests are expected later this week .	comp_adj	1707
Could Serena have played good tennis ?	Could Serena have played better tennis ?	comp_adj	1708
The challenge is to make sure poor groups catch up .	The challenge is to make sure poorer groups catch up .	comp_adj	1709
The more conscientious you were , the low your risk .	The more conscientious you were , the lower your risk .	comp_adj	1710
Broad stock indicators also recovered .	Broader stock indicators also recovered .	comp_adj	1712
We have bad situations with rain and cold in the spring .	We have worse situations with rain and cold in the spring .	comp_adj	1713
Now they have to adapt to high demand levels .	Now they have to adapt to higher demand levels .	comp_adj	1714
Broad indicators also declined .	Broader indicators also declined .	comp_adj	1717
Nadia was heavy .	Nadia was heavier .	comp_adj	1719
Our worry is that no-one is looking at the big picture .	Our worry is that no-one is looking at the bigger picture .	comp_adj	1721
And there are other benefits , even for young patients .	And there are other benefits , even for younger patients .	comp_adj	1722
On Monday , Coughlin 's mood was notably cheery .	On Monday , Coughlin 's mood was notably cheerier .	comp_adj	1725
With hindsight , perhaps there is a deep message .	With hindsight , perhaps there is a deeper message .	comp_adj	1729
Bush then got a close look .	Bush then got a closer look .	comp_adj	1730
China is a good bet for that .	China is a better bet for that .	comp_adj	1731
Maybe we will have a good feeling about things .	Maybe we will have a better feeling about things .	comp_adj	1732
HDL cholesterol , the good kind , is OK at high levels .	HDL cholesterol , the good kind , is OK at higher levels .	comp_adj	1733
( King ) also decreased as a result of the low spending .	( King ) also decreased as a result of the lower spending .	comp_adj	1734
It comes after repeated political calls for close links between the nations .	It comes after repeated political calls for closer links between the nations .	comp_adj	1735
Time and self-reflection seem to have sanded down some of his rough edges .	Time and self-reflection seem to have sanded down some of his rougher edges .	comp_adj	1736
Only Isinbayeva has jumped high .	Only Isinbayeva has jumped higher .	comp_adj	1737
And who could be close to someone than a twin ?	And who could be closer to someone than a twin ?	comp_adj	1738
Some old Americans are looking for companionship rather than marriage .	Some older Americans are looking for companionship rather than marriage .	comp_adj	1739
The old woman believes she is cursed and destined to die alone .	The older woman believes she is cursed and destined to die alone .	comp_adj	1740
Some states grant one-time permits that allow trucks to be considerably heavy .	Some states grant one-time permits that allow trucks to be considerably heavier .	comp_adj	1741
But equally , Chinese worldwide policies are now coming under close examination .	But equally , Chinese worldwide policies are now coming under closer examination .	comp_adj	1742
Scioscia said the Angels do need a deep offense .	Scioscia said the Angels do need a deeper offense .	comp_adj	1744
What broad picture emerges from Mr Penn 's pointillist observations ?	What broader picture emerges from Mr Penn 's pointillist observations ?	comp_adj	1745
Young viewers are restless and on to the next thing .	Younger viewers are restless and on to the next thing .	comp_adj	1746
Economic data supported a case for pushing stocks high .	Economic data supported a case for pushing stocks higher .	comp_adj	1748
Its big rivals are McDonald 's and Burger King Holdings Inc .	Its bigger rivals are McDonald 's and Burger King Holdings Inc .	comp_adj	1749
A Lebanese pro-government MP hailed the new tough line from Paris .	A Lebanese pro-government MP hailed the new tougher line from Paris .	comp_adj	1750
Strict standards of cleanliness have prevented any recurrence of that accident .	Stricter standards of cleanliness have prevented any recurrence of that accident .	comp_adj	1751
It is as well the Spaniard is ignoring the big picture .	It is as well the Spaniard is ignoring the bigger picture .	comp_adj	1752
There was probably a big discrepancy of talent then .	There was probably a bigger discrepancy of talent then .	comp_adj	1753
The budgets are a lot small !	The budgets are a lot smaller !	comp_adj	1756
In addition , high inflation would dampen the interest rate outlook .	In addition , higher inflation would dampen the interest rate outlook .	comp_adj	1757
The argument for high tobacco taxes is simple enough .	The argument for higher tobacco taxes is simple enough .	comp_adj	1758
Cheap environmental alternatives are available .	Cheaper environmental alternatives are available .	comp_adj	1761
I would buy the thin one .	I would buy the thinner one .	comp_adj	1762
But some gurus acknowledge that there is a dark side to the profession .	But some gurus acknowledge that there is a darker side to the profession .	comp_adj	1763
But this year it is a bit safe .	But this year it is a bit safer .	comp_adj	1764
Another idea that is close to reality is turning biomass into fuel .	Another idea that is closer to reality is turning biomass into fuel .	comp_adj	1768
Two in three involve womb or breast cancer in middle-aged and old women .	Two in three involve womb or breast cancer in middle-aged and older women .	comp_adj	1769
The high your elite status , the less expensive it is .	The higher your elite status , the less expensive it is .	comp_adj	1771
The young Vestergaard Frandsen never wanted to go into the family business .	The younger Vestergaard Frandsen never wanted to go into the family business .	comp_adj	1772
The increase is due to high oil prices received from export shipments .	The increase is due to higher oil prices received from export shipments .	comp_adj	1773
Hepatitis B can cause live cancer and cirrhosis .	Hepatitis B can cause liver cancer and cirrhosis .	comp_adj	1774
They do not want small .	They do not want smaller .	comp_adj	1775
Perhaps Rubens , the Baroque master , was close to the mark .	Perhaps Rubens , the Baroque master , was closer to the mark .	comp_adj	1777
My old sister , Mary , aptly , got a Mary statue .	My older sister , Mary , aptly , got a Mary statue .	comp_adj	1778
Weather-related problems can be attributed to a high power .	Weather-related problems can be attributed to a higher power .	comp_adj	1779
Miners had to dig deep to extract coal , which became uneconomical .	Miners had to dig deeper to extract coal , which became uneconomical .	comp_adj	1780
This year they 'll be cold .	This year they 'll be colder .	comp_adj	1783
A third Security Council resolution , with tough sanctions , is being discussed .	A third Security Council resolution , with tougher sanctions , is being discussed .	comp_adj	1784
Hey , it could be bad .	Hey , it could be worse .	comp_adj	1787
Indeed , some economists cautioned against drawing large conclusions from yesterday 's data .	Indeed , some economists cautioned against drawing larger conclusions from yesterday 's data .	comp_adj	1790
Her old sister Kylie had gotten only one affected gene .	Her older sister Kylie had gotten only one affected gene .	comp_adj	1792
Halloween is a lot easy to participate in .	Halloween is a lot easier to participate in .	comp_adj	1793
Certainly Harlem 's appeal to tourists has never been strong .	Certainly Harlem 's appeal to tourists has never been stronger .	comp_adj	1795
Meanwhile , both gold and the dollar were low .	Meanwhile , both gold and the dollar were lower .	comp_adj	1797
But her performance grew strong .	But her performance grew stronger .	comp_adj	1799
The Web is sort of breaking apart into small pieces .	The Web is sort of breaking apart into smaller pieces .	comp_adj	1800
European markets moved sharply low .	European markets moved sharply lower .	comp_adj	1801
Several movies with small budgets surprised their makers with big profits .	Several movies with smaller budgets surprised their makers with big profits .	comp_adj	1802
The defense also has gotten a lot young .	The defense also has gotten a lot younger .	comp_adj	1803
There is a good way .	There is a better way .	comp_adj	1804
But elderly patients with other underlying illnesses face a great risk .	But elderly patients with other underlying illnesses face a greater risk .	comp_adj	1805
They showed signs of low social skills .	They showed signs of lower social skills .	comp_adj	1806
BHP shares closed 21p low at £ 16.08 .	BHP shares closed 21p lower at £ 16.08 .	comp_adj	1807
It is an old , sit-at-the-table-and-clap crowd , if that is your thing .	It is an older , sit-at-the-table-and-clap crowd , if that is your thing .	comp_adj	1810
It will only feel bad in the future , Gillett said .	It will only feel worse in the future , Gillett said .	comp_adj	1811
The union also agreed to low wages for some workers .	The union also agreed to lower wages for some workers .	comp_adj	1812
He has also given up smoking and focused hard on what he eats .	He has also given up smoking and focused harder on what he eats .	comp_adj	1813
It will also pave the way for easy cross-border mergers .	It will also pave the way for easier cross-border mergers .	comp_adj	1815
It is cheap .	It is cheaper .	comp_adj	1816
The first is easy to establish .	The first is easier to establish .	comp_adj	1817
Old performers treated Mr. Dylan 's songs like rowdy pals .	Older performers treated Mr. Dylan 's songs like rowdy pals .	comp_adj	1818
" Young bands are more sensible than before , " he added .	" Younger bands are more sensible than before , " he added .	comp_adj	1819
Still , new gear is just around the corner .	Still , newer gear is just around the corner .	comp_adj	1820
Publishers have complained of tight censorship since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president in 2005 .	Publishers have complained of tighter censorship since Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president in 2005 .	comp_adj	1821
But they are happy to own the house .	But they are happier to own the house .	comp_adj	1822
Old children can clean the house and prepare meals .	Older children can clean the house and prepare meals .	comp_adj	1825
A second , long boat is on the drawing board .	A second , longer boat is on the drawing board .	comp_adj	1827
In many homes , they replaced old traditional sets .	In many homes , they replaced older traditional sets .	comp_adj	1828
Cairn Energy closed 81p low at 2,216p .	Cairn Energy closed 81p lower at 2,216p .	comp_adj	1829
Howell 's remarks to Shappert were sharp .	Howell 's remarks to Shappert were sharper .	comp_adj	1830
" It could 've been bad , " Owens said Saturday night .	" It could 've been worse , " Owens said Saturday night .	comp_adj	1831
Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-Tass and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were strong .	Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-Tass and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were stronger .	comp_adj	1832
But it is okay now and hopefully it will be good tomorrow .	But it is okay now and hopefully it will be better tomorrow .	comp_adj	1834
A rebid of two diamonds would show a six-card or long suit .	A rebid of two diamonds would show a six-card or longer suit .	comp_adj	1835
" " You could not have picked a good cast .	" " You could not have picked a better cast .	comp_adj	1836
We have had hurricanes , but this is bad .	We have had hurricanes , but this is worse .	comp_adj	1837
Among African-Americans , the numbers are bad .	Among African-Americans , the numbers are worse .	comp_adj	1838
And they tend to be techy .	And they tend to be techier .	comp_adj	1842
Immigrants now cluster in small illegal encampments in the area .	Immigrants now cluster in smaller illegal encampments in the area .	comp_adj	1844
On Tuesday , the governor will call on a high power .	On Tuesday , the governor will call on a higher power .	comp_adj	1845
His dreams are small now .	His dreams are smaller now .	comp_adj	1846
The poor performers will be affected the most .	The poorer performers will be affected the most .	comp_adj	1847
Those with poorly functioning copies were pudgy .	Those with poorly functioning copies were pudgier .	comp_adj	1848
Now I am a lot wise .	Now I am a lot wiser .	comp_adj	1849
Long flights could mean the difference between life and death .	Longer flights could mean the difference between life and death .	comp_adj	1850
Old convicts are exempted from marching in formation in some prisons .	Older convicts are exempted from marching in formation in some prisons .	comp_adj	1851
Some economists had expected a small increase to about 2.4 percent .	Some economists had expected a smaller increase to about 2.4 percent .	comp_adj	1853
And outsourcing of polluting industries has given them clean air and water .	And outsourcing of polluting industries has given them cleaner air and water .	comp_adj	1855
An old acquaintance introduced her to Elvis at an autograph signing .	An older acquaintance introduced her to Elvis at an autograph signing .	comp_adj	1856
They were just the good team at the end .	They were just the better team at the end .	comp_adj	1857
It is about being considerate to the young people on the flight .	It is about being considerate to the younger people on the flight .	comp_adj	1860
There is wide support for strict enforcement .	There is wide support for stricter enforcement .	comp_adj	1861
Even the community activism being heralded here needs a large context .	Even the community activism being heralded here needs a larger context .	comp_adj	1862
" Shrewd " was probably a good word .	" Shrewd " was probably a better word .	comp_adj	1863
For India , the benefits are arguably great .	For India , the benefits are arguably greater .	comp_adj	1864
The pretty scenery has it price though .	The prettier scenery has it price though .	comp_adj	1866
Her face was wide and more expressive .	Her face was wider and more expressive .	comp_adj	1867
European stock markets also opened firm .	European stock markets also opened firmer .	comp_adj	1868
Even William Hung got good reviews for his performances .	Even William Hung got better reviews for his performances .	comp_adj	1869
It issued another , small recall of lead-contaminated toys last month .	It issued another , smaller recall of lead-contaminated toys last month .	comp_adj	1870
It was cheap , $ 1,300 a month , and ratless .	It was cheaper , $ 1,300 a month , and ratless .	comp_adj	1871
His one-time was his first goal of the year .	His one-timer was his first goal of the year .	comp_adj	1873
It could be bad , though .	It could be worse , though .	comp_adj	1874
Chicago and Houston saw small increases .	Chicago and Houston saw smaller increases .	comp_adj	1876
" It is certainly a worry for young people , " he said .	" It is certainly a worry for younger people , " he said .	comp_adj	1878
Some people find it easy to stand .	Some people find it easier to stand .	comp_adj	1882
Broad stock indicators also gained .	Broader stock indicators also gained .	comp_adj	1883
In addition , 32 % wanted good advice and support provision .	In addition , 32 % wanted better advice and support provision .	comp_adj	1884
EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana urged China to lean hard on Burma .	EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana urged China to lean harder on Burma .	comp_adj	1885
Subsequent inflammation could cause pigmentary changes , or bad .	Subsequent inflammation could cause pigmentary changes , or worse .	comp_adj	1886
Others close to home think it is time for a reality check .	Others closer to home think it is time for a reality check .	comp_adj	1887
Mr Johnson said this could spell tough times for net firms .	Mr Johnson said this could spell tougher times for net firms .	comp_adj	1888
There are also tame pontoon boats and a few sailboats .	There are also tamer pontoon boats and a few sailboats .	comp_adj	1889
This year the task he faced was immeasurably tough .	This year the task he faced was immeasurably tougher .	comp_adj	1890
It is a shame " Lions " is not a good film .	It is a shame " Lions " is not a better film .	comp_adj	1892
Close Brett Myers recorded his 19th save .	Closer Brett Myers recorded his 19th save .	comp_adj	1893
She suggested that officials take a close look .	She suggested that officials take a closer look .	comp_adj	1895
For Macy 's , the stakes could not be high .	For Macy 's , the stakes could not be higher .	comp_adj	1896
It would be easy to wear it than eat it .	It would be easier to wear it than eat it .	comp_adj	1897
After the hurricane , matters grew bad .	After the hurricane , matters grew worse .	comp_adj	1898
Leave the siblings behind if they are a lot young .	Leave the siblings behind if they are a lot younger .	comp_adj	1899
We had thought that children medicated longer would have good outcomes .	We had thought that children medicated longer would have better outcomes .	comp_adj	1900
Then again , old age was bad .	Then again , old age was worse .	comp_adj	1901
Foster , 51 , could not have been happy .	Foster , 51 , could not have been happier .	comp_adj	1902
Some years we have strong winds , some none at all .	Some years we have stronger winds , some none at all .	comp_adj	1905
Broad indicators also rose .	Broader indicators also rose .	comp_adj	1906
They are also easy to clean than aluminum .	They are also easier to clean than aluminum .	comp_adj	1907
There is just not much here for our young generation .	There is just not much here for our younger generation .	comp_adj	1910
The big tests lie ahead .	The bigger tests lie ahead .	comp_adj	1913
In harsh conditions , a dainty rolling bag is absurdly out of place .	In harsher conditions , a dainty rolling bag is absurdly out of place .	comp_adj	1914
Future studies will examine large numbers of adolescents .	Future studies will examine larger numbers of adolescents .	comp_adj	1915
Great Manchester Police are now trying to find the robbers .	Greater Manchester Police are now trying to find the robbers .	comp_adj	1916
This excludes the newish amateur landlord scared into selling by high interest rates .	This excludes the newish amateur landlord scared into selling by higher interest rates .	comp_adj	1917
The London market was dragged low by mining companies .	The London market was dragged lower by mining companies .	comp_adj	1918
But his parents , Nathalie and David Hodgson , want a wide ban .	But his parents , Nathalie and David Hodgson , want a wider ban .	comp_adj	1919
But its battles are part of a wide war .	But its battles are part of a wider war .	comp_adj	1920
But the standard does not apply to old trains .	But the standard does not apply to older trains .	comp_adj	1921
It is sort of like a rodeo , but on a small scale .	It is sort of like a rodeo , but on a smaller scale .	comp_adj	1922
The press 's great openness could reflect political change in Beijing .	The press 's greater openness could reflect political change in Beijing .	comp_adj	1923
But analysts said Apple might have a tough time in Europe .	But analysts said Apple might have a tougher time in Europe .	comp_adj	1924
The decline was attributed in part to high education levels .	The decline was attributed in part to higher education levels .	comp_adj	1929
A weak dollar boosts exports and lowers the trade deficit .	A weaker dollar boosts exports and lowers the trade deficit .	comp_adj	1930
The old Chamberlian has limited use of his left arm .	The elder Chamberlian has limited use of his left arm .	comp_adj	1932
Use small serving spoons and plates .	Use smaller serving spoons and plates .	comp_adj	1933
Those reports fueled speculation that Mr. Fink had big ambitions .	Those reports fueled speculation that Mr. Fink had bigger ambitions .	comp_adj	1934
He is close to being a backup than a solid starter .	He is closer to being a backup than a solid starter .	comp_adj	1938
I am close to the Republicans on healthcare .	I am closer to the Republicans on healthcare .	comp_adj	1939
Each of these victories adds up to a safe nation .	Each of these victories adds up to a safer nation .	comp_adj	1940
In OFF the hill 's considerably bright .	In OFF the hill 's considerably brighter .	comp_adj	1942
But I did not resist the blonding because I felt sexy .	But I did not resist the blonding because I felt sexier .	comp_adj	1943
High crude prices lift companies ' energy bills and bite into profits .	Higher crude prices lift companies ' energy bills and bite into profits .	comp_adj	1947
But I will come back next year strong , for sure .	But I will come back next year stronger , for sure .	comp_adj	1949
Fears of high inflation are preventing a cure .	Fears of higher inflation are preventing a cure .	comp_adj	1950
" Tight rings would indicate a drought period , " he said .	" Tighter rings would indicate a drought period , " he said .	comp_adj	1954
Was this part of the grand plan ?	Was this part of the grander plan ?	comp_adj	1957
The Alexander-themed collection will replace an old museum in Pella .	The Alexander-themed collection will replace an older museum in Pella .	comp_adj	1958
Close Francisco Cordero recorded his 41st save .	Closer Francisco Cordero recorded his 41st save .	comp_adj	1961
Some experts think bad is still to come .	Some experts think worse is still to come .	comp_adj	1963
This is an issue that has recently gotten great attention .	This is an issue that has recently gotten greater attention .	comp_adj	1964
But it would have been bad to play on Sunday .	But it would have been worse to play on Sunday .	comp_adj	1966
Players must be 18 or old .	Players must be 18 or older .	comp_adj	1968
And it is in that broad perspective that its true magic surfaces .	And it is in that broader perspective that its true magic surfaces .	comp_adj	1970
Rates may be high over holidays .	Rates may be higher over holidays .	comp_adj	1973
Industry executives say new technology makes good performance more likely .	Industry executives say new technology makes better performance more likely .	comp_adj	1974
The news helped propel shares of financial services companies sharply high .	The news helped propel shares of financial services companies sharply higher .	comp_adj	1975
The growth in price of detached homes has been significantly slow .	The growth in price of detached homes has been significantly slower .	comp_adj	1976
You are strong for knowing what you are up against .	You are stronger for knowing what you are up against .	comp_adj	1977
It is not a coincidence - your body is weak .	It is not a coincidence - your body is weaker .	comp_adj	1979
McNair has had to adjust as he is gotten old .	McNair has had to adjust as he is gotten older .	comp_adj	1982
Broad stock indicators also lost ground .	Broader stock indicators also lost ground .	comp_adj	1983
More often there are bad ones .	More often there are worse ones .	comp_adj	1986
Much of this growth was targeted at low priced wines .	Much of this growth was targeted at lower priced wines .	comp_adj	1989
It was Germany who finished the half the strong .	It was Germany who finished the half the stronger .	comp_adj	1990
Small rallies took place in Thailand , Indonesia , Japan and the Philippines .	Smaller rallies took place in Thailand , Indonesia , Japan and the Philippines .	comp_adj	1991
There will also be calls for great standardisation of structured products .	There will also be calls for greater standardisation of structured products .	comp_adj	1992
The result might be great riding economy .	The result might be greater riding economy .	comp_adj	1994
Experts are recommending people prepare their portfolio for tough times to come .	Experts are recommending people prepare their portfolio for tougher times to come .	comp_adj	1995
But the two women share a deep connection .	But the two women share a deeper connection .	comp_adj	1996
These are all sensible arguments for low rates .	These are all sensible arguments for lower rates .	comp_adj	1997
But some critics argue that these villagers are among the lucky ones .	But some critics argue that these villagers are among the luckier ones .	comp_adj	1998
but this was bad .	but this was worse .	comp_adj	2000
And Howard University has a large dorm for upperclassmen .	And Howard University has a larger dorm for upperclassmen .	comp_adj	2001
Stern measures are appropriate .	Sterner measures are appropriate .	comp_adj	2003
Again , Reich fingers great competition as the culprit .	Again , Reich fingers greater competition as the culprit .	comp_adj	2005
And what good place to wear it than this ?	And what better place to wear it than this ?	comp_adj	2006
But these bonds have recently become a tough sell .	But these bonds have recently become a tougher sell .	comp_adj	2008
Hollow and telescoping , they are easy to move .	Hollow and telescoping , they are easier to move .	comp_adj	2010
But health ministries are taking tough action against smoking .	But health ministries are taking tougher action against smoking .	comp_adj	2011
Old Southern Baptist parishioners have given up traditional hymns and organ music .	Older Southern Baptist parishioners have given up traditional hymns and organ music .	comp_adj	2013
The economy is in good shape too .	The economy is in better shape too .	comp_adj	2014
The old boy was head-butted when he asked what the commotion was about .	The older boy was head-butted when he asked what the commotion was about .	comp_adj	2015
There are several other warehouses , small and more anonymous .	There are several other warehouses , smaller and more anonymous .	comp_adj	2018
" " Opportunities to be a good player .	" " Opportunities to be a better player .	comp_adj	2019
I gave it that deep quality .	I gave it that deeper quality .	comp_adj	2021
But Daltrey 's story has a happy ending .	But Daltrey 's story has a happier ending .	comp_adj	2022
The increase in output pushed productivity higher and meant low unit labor costs .	The increase in output pushed productivity higher and meant lower unit labor costs .	comp_adj	2023
But damage to old examples can often be restored .	But damage to older examples can often be restored .	comp_adj	2024
These elements are put in the service of great emotion .	These elements are put in the service of greater emotion .	comp_adj	2027
The viewers that news shows attract tend to be old .	The viewers that news shows attract tend to be older .	comp_adj	2028
It was simple , once .	It was simpler , once .	comp_adj	2030
A large issue is whether the drugs aim at the right targets .	A larger issue is whether the drugs aim at the right targets .	comp_adj	2031
In small amounts , lead can cause developmental delays and behavioral problems .	In smaller amounts , lead can cause developmental delays and behavioral problems .	comp_adj	2034
Woods won the third playoff event , big headlines .	Woods won the third playoff event , bigger headlines .	comp_adj	2036
She and her young brother Momen are all he has left .	She and her younger brother Momen are all he has left .	comp_adj	2037
Close Joe Nathan recorded his 30th save .	Closer Joe Nathan recorded his 30th save .	comp_adj	2038
" In the north , " it is bad .	" In the north , " it is worse .	comp_adj	2039
If anything , the issue has grown murky .	If anything , the issue has grown murkier .	comp_adj	2040
She said his hair was long and he had put on weight .	She said his hair was longer and he had put on weight .	comp_adj	2041
I can say they think they have a good approach .	I can say they think they have a better approach .	comp_adj	2043
There is now a fourth , noble option .	There is now a fourth , nobler option .	comp_adj	2045
For good value , head slightly farther out .	For better value , head slightly farther out .	comp_adj	2046
Protecting individual soldiers was a bit simple .	Protecting individual soldiers was a bit simpler .	comp_adj	2047
They wanted long sentences .	They wanted longer sentences .	comp_adj	2049
Large firms are suffering too .	Larger firms are suffering too .	comp_adj	2050
Affeldt retired Juan Pierre on a ground to second .	Affeldt retired Juan Pierre on a grounder to second .	comp_adj	2051
Maybe they have low expectations .	Maybe they have lower expectations .	comp_adj	2052
The universe just got a little bit slim .	The universe just got a little bit slimmer .	comp_adj	2054
Many investors were looking for a large production boost .	Many investors were looking for a larger production boost .	comp_adj	2055
Size : Grows up to 65ft , but often small .	Size : Grows up to 65ft , but often smaller .	comp_adj	2056
Eventually , they hope that clean energy sources will be found .	Eventually , they hope that cleaner energy sources will be found .	comp_adj	2057
There can be inappropriate sexual conduct from old people .	There can be inappropriate sexual conduct from older people .	comp_adj	2058
These are much more likely to occur among young motorists .	These are much more likely to occur among younger motorists .	comp_adj	2059
It takes a long time for an old man to get an erection .	It takes a long time for an older man to get an erection .	comp_adj	2061
On short kicks , the effect is negligible .	On shorter kicks , the effect is negligible .	comp_adj	2062
Their attention spans are short .	Their attention spans are shorter .	comp_adj	2063
Broad stock indexes were also little changed .	Broader stock indexes were also little changed .	comp_adj	2064
The VMAs had good luck with their own reinvention on Sunday .	The VMAs had better luck with their own reinvention on Sunday .	comp_adj	2065
The old Bourque was in attendance .	The elder Bourque was in attendance .	comp_adj	2066
Mr Thompson 's political resumé is somewhat thin .	Mr Thompson 's political resumé is somewhat thinner .	comp_adj	2067
The strong yen makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	The stronger yen makes Japanese exports more expensive and less competitive overseas .	comp_adj	2068
It is easy to find work at the CIA .	It is easier to find work at the CIA .	comp_adj	2069
But big plans lie ahead .	But bigger plans lie ahead .	comp_adj	2070
Romney has a big lead there in the latest surveys .	Romney has a bigger lead there in the latest surveys .	comp_adj	2071
Administration officials have provided somewhat high revenue projections .	Administration officials have provided somewhat higher revenue projections .	comp_adj	2072
The long action is delayed , the more it will cost .	The longer action is delayed , the more it will cost .	comp_adj	2074
Things could be bad .	Things could be worse .	comp_adj	2076
I cannot blame the Gamboa Rainforest Resort for charging you a high rate .	I cannot blame the Gamboa Rainforest Resort for charging you a higher rate .	comp_adj	2077
Maryland and Virginia also reported low scores .	Maryland and Virginia also reported lower scores .	comp_adj	2079
Other Nymex energy futures were also high .	Other Nymex energy futures were also higher .	comp_adj	2080
But obstetricians today are paying close attention to these complications .	But obstetricians today are paying closer attention to these complications .	comp_adj	2081
We need to do a good job of protecting up front .	We need to do a better job of protecting up front .	comp_adj	2082
It said expansion of BarCap might expose the bank to great risks .	It said expansion of BarCap might expose the bank to greater risks .	comp_adj	2083
A rebid of two hearts would suggest a fair hand but good hearts .	A rebid of two hearts would suggest a fair hand but better hearts .	comp_adj	2086
I see that they will be featuring young contestants .	I see that they will be featuring younger contestants .	comp_adj	2087
The old Romney suffered amid misguided questions about his mental health .	The elder Romney suffered amid misguided questions about his mental health .	comp_adj	2088
The charity 's timing could not have been bad .	The charity 's timing could not have been worse .	comp_adj	2089
They found the more flavoursome varieties had high levels of specific chemicals .	They found the more flavoursome varieties had higher levels of specific chemicals .	comp_adj	2090
The Russell 2000 index of small companies rose 1.57 to 773.95 .	The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies rose 1.57 to 773.95 .	comp_adj	2093
The Nets ' situation grew bad in the third quarter .	The Nets ' situation grew worse in the third quarter .	comp_adj	2095
And strictly , Thomas argues , for the bad .	And strictly , Thomas argues , for the worse .	comp_adj	2096
A little bit tough , but that is fine .	A little bit tougher , but that is fine .	comp_adj	2098
She said it would be easy if the father was dead .	She said it would be easier if the father was dead .	comp_adj	2100
Among the funny sections is the " Higher Education " chapter .	Among the funnier sections is the " Higher Education " chapter .	comp_adj	2101
Broad stock indicators advanced .	Broader stock indicators advanced .	comp_adj	2102
But let 's consider the broad context here .	But let 's consider the broader context here .	comp_adj	2104
Britain also sees tough sanctions as essential .	Britain also sees tougher sanctions as essential .	comp_adj	2105
My impression is that the prevailing pressure for the latter is strong .	My impression is that the prevailing pressure for the latter is stronger .	comp_adj	2107
Byrd said the H.G.H. did not make him a good pitcher .	Byrd said the H.G.H. did not make him a better pitcher .	comp_adj	2108
The reason is simple ; they get good odds .	The reason is simple ; they get better odds .	comp_adj	2109
It is hard to know which conclusion would be bad .	It is hard to know which conclusion would be worse .	comp_adj	2110
Do a hard but short one on another .	Do a hard but shorter one on another .	comp_adj	2111
But a prolonged strike may cause deep financial problems , analysts say .	But a prolonged strike may cause deeper financial problems , analysts say .	comp_adj	2112
Little doubts have doomed 14th Street relationships .	Lesser doubts have doomed 14th Street relationships .	comp_adj	2113
This meant the developer had to dig deep for the foundation .	This meant the developer had to dig deeper for the foundation .	comp_adj	2114
Demand for high investment returns is also playing a part .	Demand for higher investment returns is also playing a part .	comp_adj	2115
Correctly prescribed lenses are safe , Dr. D 'Amico pointed out .	Correctly prescribed lenses are safer , Dr. D 'Amico pointed out .	comp_adj	2116
But the aim is to cast the net considerably wide .	But the aim is to cast the net considerably wider .	comp_adj	2117
And then there is the large cultural discomfort of a man subordinated .	And then there is the larger cultural discomfort of a man subordinated .	comp_adj	2119
Old middle and high school students start classes today .	Older middle and high school students start classes today .	comp_adj	2120
The European Union also vowed to seek tight sanctions .	The European Union also vowed to seek tighter sanctions .	comp_adj	2121
They also had high levels of beneficial minerals such as iron and zinc .	They also had higher levels of beneficial minerals such as iron and zinc .	comp_adj	2122
The big problem is infrastructure bottlenecks .	The bigger problem is infrastructure bottlenecks .	comp_adj	2123
He is in a good position to know himself .	He is in a better position to know himself .	comp_adj	2124
They want a high salary .	They want a higher salary .	comp_adj	2125
" Seen good days , " Judge Rosen said .	" Seen better days , " Judge Rosen said .	comp_adj	2128
With little players , he took them under his wing .	With lesser players , he took them under his wing .	comp_adj	2129
The wide picture in Iraq remains precarious .	The wider picture in Iraq remains precarious .	comp_adj	2130
Just said the study was unbiased .	Juster said the study was unbiased .	comp_adj	2131
For the new residents , the mood is expansive .	For the newer residents , the mood is expansive .	comp_adj	2132
Broad stock indexes also gained slightly .	Broader stock indexes also gained slightly .	comp_adj	2134
Warm weather also aids rodent survival and reproductive rates .	Warmer weather also aids rodent survival and reproductive rates .	comp_adj	2135
What is scarey ?	What is scarier ?	comp_adj	2136
Its sanctions have been correspondingly mild .	Its sanctions have been correspondingly milder .	comp_adj	2137
It is close to a trapezoid .	It is closer to a trapezoid .	comp_adj	2138
Manning does not get bogged down by a little defense .	Manning does not get bogged down by a lesser defense .	comp_adj	2139
It just needs a firm hand .	It just needs a firmer hand .	comp_adj	2142
Some want to challenge Google head on with a good search engine .	Some want to challenge Google head on with a better search engine .	comp_adj	2143
She is got strong convictions .	She is got stronger convictions .	comp_adj	2145
Her mother and her old sister are dead now .	Her mother and her older sister are dead now .	comp_adj	2146
The old Bansal was charged with heading the organization .	The elder Bansal was charged with heading the organization .	comp_adj	2148
Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-TASS and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were strong .	Lavrov 's comments to ITAR-TASS and RIA-Novosti earlier Thursday were stronger .	comp_adj	2149
Monocle is easy to figure out .	Monocle is easier to figure out .	comp_adj	2150
We will shop for a good offer .	We will shop for a better offer .	comp_adj	2151
The situation has prompted a wide review of secondary school provision in Dumfries .	The situation has prompted a wider review of secondary school provision in Dumfries .	comp_adj	2152
We were beaten by a good team .	We were beaten by a better team .	comp_adj	2153
Some manufacturers offer a great choice of colors .	Some manufacturers offer a greater choice of colors .	comp_adj	2154
Harder you press , sweet the shine .	Harder you press , sweeter the shine .	comp_adj	2156
" I am old , " Yao said with a smile .	" I am older , " Yao said with a smile .	comp_adj	2159
There is also growing demand from overloaded executives for short books .	There is also growing demand from overloaded executives for shorter books .	comp_adj	2160
This promises bad mayhem .	This promises worse mayhem .	comp_adj	2163
Signs of a broad downturn are beginning to appear .	Signs of a broader downturn are beginning to appear .	comp_adj	2164
Commuter parking is tricky .	Commuter parking is trickier .	comp_adj	2165
The study found no evidence that helicopter parenting produces good grades .	The study found no evidence that helicopter parenting produces better grades .	comp_adj	2168
" " I am different but clever .	" " I am different but cleverer .	comp_adj	2169
The old child chose to call me by my first name .	The older child chose to call me by my first name .	comp_adj	2170
The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthy districts .	The Starbucks outlets are mainly in wealthier districts .	comp_adj	2171
Children ages 3 and young are admitted free .	Children ages 3 and younger are admitted free .	comp_adj	2172
Create a good society ?	Create a better society ?	comp_adj	2175
One of those , high credit spreads , has indeed appeared .	One of those , higher credit spreads , has indeed appeared .	comp_adj	2176
Other small hurdles remain for the hotel .	Other smaller hurdles remain for the hotel .	comp_adj	2177
" It was a good situation before , " he said .	" It was a better situation before , " he said .	comp_adj	2178
Now it is a good system for Spurs .	Now it is a better system for Spurs .	comp_adj	2180
But Mr Harper appears to be keen on an early vote now .	But Mr Harper appears to be keener on an early vote now .	comp_adj	2181
A strong yuan makes Chinese exports more expensive overseas .	A stronger yuan makes Chinese exports more expensive overseas .	comp_adj	2182
I think that would be a good way to conduct matters .	I think that would be a better way to conduct matters .	comp_adj	2183
Imedi and a small station Kavkasia remained off the air .	Imedi and a smaller station Kavkasia remained off the air .	comp_adj	2184
Football cannot be exported with the deep connection .	Football cannot be exported with the deeper connection .	comp_adj	2185
It is like having a big motor , Dr. Secher said .	It is like having a bigger motor , Dr. Secher said .	comp_adj	2187
A cheap yuan allows China to flood the world with its exports .	A cheaper yuan allows China to flood the world with its exports .	comp_adj	2191
In the broad picture , of course , you are absolutely right .	In the broader picture , of course , you are absolutely right .	comp_adj	2192
Big hips do not put the mother herself at great risk ?	Big hips do not put the mother herself at greater risk ?	comp_adj	2193
I am definitely happy with Isla in our lives so that helps .	I am definitely happier with Isla in our lives so that helps .	comp_adj	2194
Industrial metals largely traded high .	Industrial metals largely traded higher .	comp_adj	2196
I want to be just like you when I am old .	I want to be just like you when I am older .	comp_adj	2198
Kennedy 's old sister Eunice gave Dodd a $ 5,000 check .	Kennedy 's older sister Eunice gave Dodd a $ 5,000 check .	comp_adj	2199
Why worry about a weak dollar ?	Why worry about a weaker dollar ?	comp_adj	2200
More onerous regulatory compliance activities are also contributing to the high costs .	More onerous regulatory compliance activities are also contributing to the higher costs .	comp_adj	2202
Some big systems operate like manned aircraft even in remote areas .	Some bigger systems operate like manned aircraft even in remote areas .	comp_adj	2203
And lenders to property developers have started issuing tough terms .	And lenders to property developers have started issuing tougher terms .	comp_adj	2205
But some of the Administrative Review Board results were murky .	But some of the Administrative Review Board results were murkier .	comp_adj	2206
The dollar was low against other major currencies , while gold prices rose .	The dollar was lower against other major currencies , while gold prices rose .	comp_adj	2207
The breach prompted numerous calls for strong data-protection laws .	The breach prompted numerous calls for stronger data-protection laws .	comp_adj	2208
The young generation is spending more on entertainment .	The younger generation is spending more on entertainment .	comp_adj	2209
A new , more reliable alternative is Citizendium ( en.citizendium.org ) .	A newer , more reliable alternative is Citizendium ( en.citizendium.org ) .	comp_adj	2211
The Americans are in good form .	The Americans are in better form .	comp_adj	2212
" Also consider short , fringe bangs , " she said .	" Also consider shorter , fringe bangs , " she said .	comp_adj	2213
This reasonable change allows the chance of a good outcome for everyone .	This reasonable change allows the chance of a better outcome for everyone .	comp_adj	2214
Miles could not have been happy .	Miles could not have been happier .	comp_adj	2215
Later Zola was blunt .	Later Zola was blunter .	comp_adj	2217
The dollar was high against most other major currencies except the yen .	The dollar was higher against most other major currencies except the yen .	comp_adj	2218
Meeting singles has never been easy .	Meeting singles has never been easier .	comp_adj	2219
High rates , a tool to combat inflation , can strengthen a currency .	Higher rates , a tool to combat inflation , can strengthen a currency .	comp_adj	2220
Unfortunately they seem to have chosen the path of high spending .	Unfortunately they seem to have chosen the path of higher spending .	comp_adj	2221
The good stuff happened off-stage .	The better stuff happened off-stage .	comp_adj	2222
Tie in tenants : consider long tenancies .	Tie in tenants : consider longer tenancies .	comp_adj	2224
He said the fire had not spread to low floors .	He said the fire had not spread to lower floors .	comp_adj	2225
" We could not have been happy , " Ms. Shick said .	" We could not have been happier , " Ms. Shick said .	comp_adj	2226
But these teams also have good players in some key positions .	But these teams also have better players in some key positions .	comp_adj	2228
And there are large social and economic factors .	And there are larger social and economic factors .	comp_adj	2230
" We have got a little bit old , " Halliwell said .	" We have got a little bit older , " Halliwell said .	comp_adj	2232
Target said its high margin categories include apparel and home furnishings .	Target said its higher margin categories include apparel and home furnishings .	comp_adj	2233
Because you want a good life for them .	Because you want a better life for them .	comp_adj	2234
Saving jobs seems the likely choice .	Saving jobs seems the likelier choice .	comp_adj	2235
It is still possible that negative sentiment could drive prices low .	It is still possible that negative sentiment could drive prices lower .	comp_adj	2236
If only the climate were dry .	If only the climate were drier .	comp_adj	2237
During warm months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .	During warmer months , ice from these glaciers melts into the ocean .	comp_adj	2238
We need to take good care of ourselves .	We need to take better care of ourselves .	comp_adj	2239
But there was a large picture .	But there was a larger picture .	comp_adj	2240
Sleep deprivation has been linked to poor grades , moodiness and depression .	Sleep deprivation has been linked to poorer grades , moodiness and depression .	comp_adj	2242
But the carnage could have been bad .	But the carnage could have been worse .	comp_adj	2245
However correspondents say relations may turn cool .	However correspondents say relations may turn cooler .	comp_adj	2247
Fortunately , new Bluetooth phones now warn the user .	Fortunately , newer Bluetooth phones now warn the user .	comp_adj	2249
Who 's smart ?	Who 's smarter ?	comp_adj	2252
Also , the broad online education industry has come under increased scrutiny .	Also , the broader online education industry has come under increased scrutiny .	comp_adj	2254
A strong dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers .	A stronger dollar makes commodities more costly to foreign buyers .	comp_adj	2256
Not only energy prices may be high in November .	Not only energy prices may be higher in November .	comp_adj	2257
People in low-lying areas moved to high ground .	People in low-lying areas moved to higher ground .	comp_adj	2258
Small banks were keen buyers of these complex investments .	Smaller banks were keen buyers of these complex investments .	comp_adj	2259
is bad for black .	is worse for black .	comp_adj	2260
Studies have even linked height to high salaries .	Studies have even linked height to higher salaries .	comp_adj	2261
A small plant , at nearby Plaistow , makes Golden Syrup .	A smaller plant , at nearby Plaistow , makes Golden Syrup .	comp_adj	2263
We wanted to get more young buyers .	We wanted to get more younger buyers .	comp_adj	2267
A small number are from overseas .	A smaller number are from overseas .	comp_adj	2268
No data has surfaced linking such regional practice differences to good outcomes .	No data has surfaced linking such regional practice differences to better outcomes .	comp_adj	2269
The hope is that low rates would draw more independent programming .	The hope is that lower rates would draw more independent programming .	comp_adj	2270
COULTER : We would be a lot safe .	COULTER : We would be a lot safer .	comp_adj	2273
Broad indexes also rose .	Broader indexes also rose .	comp_adj	2274
In 2007 , ICF started to deliver grants at a great speed .	In 2007 , ICF started to deliver grants at a greater speed .	comp_adj	2275
Broad community acceptance in Columbia will come with time , Doshi said .	Broader community acceptance in Columbia will come with time , Doshi said .	comp_adj	2276
Still , crack feels large .	Still , crack feels larger .	comp_adj	2277
Good options are YouTube or GlobeCast satellite distribution .	Better options are YouTube or GlobeCast satellite distribution .	comp_adj	2279
A couple of small movies are worth looking out for .	A couple of smaller movies are worth looking out for .	comp_adj	2280
" I miss being with young people , " she said .	" I miss being with younger people , " she said .	comp_adj	2281
Old people are not afraid to be original .	Older people are not afraid to be original .	comp_adj	2286
The losing pitcher was close Matt Capps ( 4-6 ) .	The losing pitcher was closer Matt Capps ( 4-6 ) .	comp_adj	2288
Syria has now imposed tight entry rules on Iraqis .	Syria has now imposed tighter entry rules on Iraqis .	comp_adj	2289
This was supposed to make the world a good place .	This was supposed to make the world a better place .	comp_adj	2290
I believe these suggestions will make Hong Kong a good place .	I believe these suggestions will make Hong Kong a better place .	comp_adj	2295
The large apartments are proving to be good investments .	The larger apartments are proving to be good investments .	comp_adj	2296
Nature has gone through bad stuff before .	Nature has gone through worse stuff before .	comp_adj	2298
We are playing one of the good teams in the country .	We are playing one of the better teams in the country .	comp_adj	2299
Acetaminophen overdoses can cause live failure .	Acetaminophen overdoses can cause liver failure .	comp_adj	2300
Maeve 's old sister was pregnant .	Maeve 's older sister was pregnant .	comp_adj	2301
Some developers find getting financing a bit tricky .	Some developers find getting financing a bit trickier .	comp_adj	2302
High compensation expenses accounted for most of the remainder .	Higher compensation expenses accounted for most of the remainder .	comp_adj	2303
Perhaps a big estrogen drop is required for breast cancer .	Perhaps a bigger estrogen drop is required for breast cancer .	comp_adj	2304
But Edwards has generally been bold in staking it out .	But Edwards has generally been bolder in staking it out .	comp_adj	2306
Your heart rate is low .	Your heart rate is lower .	comp_adj	2307
You could not have done bad if you tried .	You could not have done worse if you tried .	comp_adj	2308
Small OLED panels are in use in some cellphones and portable video players .	Smaller OLED panels are in use in some cellphones and portable video players .	comp_adj	2309
The results in both periods largely reflected high revenue from closed-end funds .	The results in both periods largely reflected higher revenue from closed-end funds .	comp_adj	2312
New Orleans will be big .	New Orleans will be bigger .	comp_adj	2313
It would also use fast tram-type vehicles instead of trains .	It would also use faster tram-type vehicles instead of trains .	comp_adj	2315
Her voice acquires a sharp edge when it is mentioned .	Her voice acquires a sharper edge when it is mentioned .	comp_adj	2320
Young Chinese men and women seemed to be gravitating to the Sands .	Younger Chinese men and women seemed to be gravitating to the Sands .	comp_adj	2323
Jon Stewart : Obviously , the president has a good idea .	Jon Stewart : Obviously , the president has a better idea .	comp_adj	2324
May the good man win .	May the better man win .	comp_adj	2325
How bad can worse become in Iraq ?	How worse can worse become in Iraq ?	comp_adj	2326
What percentage of video gamers are 50 or old ?	What percentage of video gamers are 50 or older ?	comp_adj	2328
But close Manny Corpas came in and retired Carlos Ruiz .	But closer Manny Corpas came in and retired Carlos Ruiz .	comp_adj	2329
It is picking up in young men .	It is picking up in younger men .	comp_adj	2330
Most premium Bourbons are aged for six years or long .	Most premium Bourbons are aged for six years or longer .	comp_adj	2331
'Daw ' is an honorific used in speaking of old women .	'Daw ' is an honorific used in speaking of older women .	comp_adj	2333
Among small firms , that was one in 12 .	Among smaller firms , that was one in 12 .	comp_adj	2334
They wanted tough sentences .	They wanted tougher sentences .	comp_adj	2336
But as I grew old , I had my doubts .	But as I grew older , I had my doubts .	comp_adj	2338
Agreement signed on close military cooperation with Russia .	Agreement signed on closer military cooperation with Russia .	comp_adj	2339
I was always happy playing my guitar in the dark .	I was always happier playing my guitar in the dark .	comp_adj	2340
They are proposing high taxes on dividends and capital gains .	They are proposing higher taxes on dividends and capital gains .	comp_adj	2341
A warming climate means the worms now pose a wide threat .	A warming climate means the worms now pose a wider threat .	comp_adj	2342
Lennox seems happy with this notion .	Lennox seems happier with this notion .	comp_adj	2344
His art displays its alt ego .	His art displays its alter ego .	comp_adj	2345
And among those who got delayed treatment , 32 had a big stroke .	And among those who got delayed treatment , 32 had a bigger stroke .	comp_adj	2346
Let me live day by day ; it is easy .	Let me live day by day ; it is easier .	comp_adj	2347
Close Billy Wagner earned his 31st save .	Closer Billy Wagner earned his 31st save .	comp_adj	2348
Most favored harsh rules .	Most favored harsher rules .	comp_adj	2349
Researchers may also seek a network that consumes low levels of energy .	Researchers may also seek a network that consumes lower levels of energy .	comp_adj	2350
Plus , he said , Thanksgiving has broad appeal .	Plus , he said , Thanksgiving has broader appeal .	comp_adj	2353
This is a clever solution .	This is a cleverer solution .	comp_adj	2354
Many women raise vegetables and small animals , Bell said .	Many women raise vegetables and smaller animals , Bell said .	comp_adj	2355
Plus , they saw big messages in Owens ' short statement .	Plus , they saw bigger messages in Owens ' short statement .	comp_adj	2356
Small , nine-inch markers would litter the site .	Smaller , nine-inch markers would litter the site .	comp_adj	2357
In Europe , major markets were also high .	In Europe , major markets were also higher .	comp_adj	2358
Those with big budgets can add in separate sinks in those work zones .	Those with bigger budgets can add in separate sinks in those work zones .	comp_adj	2360
I am really focused on finding good paintings .	I am really focused on finding better paintings .	comp_adj	2361
A good name would be Lil Skanks !	A better name would be Lil Skanks !	comp_adj	2362
Then , they programmed them to prefer the light shelters .	Then , they programmed them to prefer the lighter shelters .	comp_adj	2363
High gold prices also contributed to the increase in first quarter revenue .	Higher gold prices also contributed to the increase in first quarter revenue .	comp_adj	2365
" " We have to do a good job of executing .	" " We have to do a better job of executing .	comp_adj	2366
So they really could not have chosen a good cause .	So they really could not have chosen a better cause .	comp_adj	2367
Other popular schools fared bad .	Other popular schools fared worse .	comp_adj	2368
The scientists plan to extend their research to high animals .	The scientists plan to extend their research to higher animals .	comp_adj	2369
It also means safe cycling .	It also means safer cycling .	comp_adj	2371
Cool temperatures were expected over the next several days .	Cooler temperatures were expected over the next several days .	comp_adj	2373
It is easy to live on benefit .	It is easier to live on benefit .	comp_adj	2377
Happy times : David Trezeguet celebrates after scoring for Juventus against Torino .	Happier times : David Trezeguet celebrates after scoring for Juventus against Torino .	comp_adj	2378
Cloned embryos would be a good source .	Cloned embryos would be a better source .	comp_adj	2379
It hurts bad to hear it over and over .	It hurts worse to hear it over and over .	comp_adj	2380
Why does he think the in-family humor works for a large audience ?	Why does he think the in-family humor works for a larger audience ?	comp_adj	2382
Annual revenue for young companies was only $ 190 million on average .	Annual revenue for younger companies was only $ 190 million on average .	comp_adj	2383
But counting on young voters can be a tenuous proposition .	But counting on younger voters can be a tenuous proposition .	comp_adj	2384
Our pride has made the world a good place ?	Our pride has made the world a better place ?	comp_adj	2385
Hers are gray and generally female .	Hers are grayer and generally female .	comp_adj	2387
Who did a good job ?	Who did a better job ?	comp_adj	2388
Close Al Reyes earned his 25th save .	Closer Al Reyes earned his 25th save .	comp_adj	2389
Must be legal Michigan resident , 18 years or old .	Must be legal Michigan resident , 18 years or older .	comp_adj	2393
Other choices were easy .	Other choices were easier .	comp_adj	2394
The dollar traded mostly low against other major currencies .	The dollar traded mostly lower against other major currencies .	comp_adj	2395
If anything , our family is strong because of this .	If anything , our family is stronger because of this .	comp_adj	2396
Proponents of faith-based programs insist they can achieve low rates .	Proponents of faith-based programs insist they can achieve lower rates .	comp_adj	2397
The young Stevens has not been charged in connection with the probe .	The younger Stevens has not been charged in connection with the probe .	comp_adj	2398
I could not have had a good trip .	I could not have had a better trip .	comp_adj	2399
There would not a good horse of my generation .	There would not a better horse of my generation .	comp_adj	2401
That is in terms of lost exports and low meat prices .	That is in terms of lost exports and lower meat prices .	comp_adj	2402
Small science satellites will get flung into high orbits .	Small science satellites will get flung into higher orbits .	comp_adj	2403
Analysts said small European banks might also produce further unwelcome news .	Analysts said smaller European banks might also produce further unwelcome news .	comp_adj	2404
Then began the difficult job of reconstructing the girl 's low body .	Then began the difficult job of reconstructing the girl 's lower body .	comp_adj	2405
, plans to seek a low price .	, plans to seek a lower price .	comp_adj	2407
Disaster seemed a safe choice .	Disaster seemed a safer choice .	comp_adj	2408
His new team could not be happy to have him .	His new team could not be happier to have him .	comp_adj	2410
We could have done a bunch of things good today .	We could have done a bunch of things better today .	comp_adj	2411
Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledged tough action on gun crime .	Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledged tougher action on gun crime .	comp_adj	2412
In high temperatures , we sweat to get rid of heat .	In higher temperatures , we sweat to get rid of heat .	comp_adj	2413
Energy , metals and agriculture futures all moved high .	Energy , metals and agriculture futures all moved higher .	comp_adj	2414
He also had an affinity for dating old women .	He also had an affinity for dating older women .	comp_adj	2416
But you put yourself in a situation of great risk .	But you put yourself in a situation of greater risk .	comp_adj	2417
But Apple is new to mobile device game .	But Apple is newer to mobile device game .	comp_adj	2418
" Now it is quiet , " he said .	" Now it is quieter , " he said .	comp_adj	2419
More accommodating absence policies lead to high morale and productivity , she said .	More accommodating absence policies lead to higher morale and productivity , she said .	comp_adj	2422
However , a high jobless rate also reflects a growing labor force .	However , a higher jobless rate also reflects a growing labor force .	comp_adj	2423
There is a big disappointment , however .	There is a bigger disappointment , however .	comp_adj	2425
And U.S. consumers will likely follow Europeans in demanding high environmental standards .	And U.S. consumers will likely follow Europeans in demanding higher environmental standards .	comp_adj	2426
Margins of victory were high at the other three Detroit-area locals .	Margins of victory were higher at the other three Detroit-area locals .	comp_adj	2427
There will never be a good tax write off than a home .	There will never be a better tax write off than a home .	comp_adj	2428
Small states took the first steps .	Smaller states took the first steps .	comp_adj	2433
They too have paved the way for so many bright futures .	They too have paved the way for so many brighter futures .	comp_adj	2434
On the low decks VIP guests can meet in lounges or conference areas .	On the lower decks VIP guests can meet in lounges or conference areas .	comp_adj	2435
Austria and Thailand are among those with low scores .	Austria and Thailand are among those with lower scores .	comp_adj	2437
There is a large irony in all this .	There is a larger irony in all this .	comp_adj	2438
It won enormous contracts to care for great numbers of children .	It won enormous contracts to care for greater numbers of children .	comp_adj	2439
Resolution said it still believed that the Friends deal offered good value .	Resolution said it still believed that the Friends deal offered better value .	comp_adj	2441
Lloyd eventually declared that he wanted some tough competition .	Lloyd eventually declared that he wanted some tougher competition .	comp_adj	2442
The Treasury concedes some downside risks , including tight credit conditions .	The Treasury concedes some downside risks , including tighter credit conditions .	comp_adj	2443
She said that message was filtering down to young people .	She said that message was filtering down to younger people .	comp_adj	2446
He has said he only wants great autonomy for Tibet .	He has said he only wants greater autonomy for Tibet .	comp_adj	2447
You have to decide which risk is bad for you .	You have to decide which risk is worse for you .	comp_adj	2450
• See the light ... long .	• See the light ... longer .	comp_adj	2451
Oil later retreated , however , falling amid concerns about slow economic growth .	Oil later retreated , however , falling amid concerns about slower economic growth .	comp_adj	2452
Denver 's flub at the Packers ' 1 was bad .	Denver 's flub at the Packers ' 1 was worse .	comp_adj	2454
Both have resulted in ongoing high maintenance costs .	Both have resulted in ongoing higher maintenance costs .	comp_adj	2456
But there may be wide implications .	But there may be wider implications .	comp_adj	2458
But the loss of work was apparently bad .	But the loss of work was apparently worse .	comp_adj	2459
You can learn to become a good interviewee .	You can learn to become a better interviewee .	comp_adj	2460
These increases were partially offset by low sales in our direct marketing business .	These increases were partially offset by lower sales in our direct marketing business .	comp_adj	2462
There have been light moments on the campaign trail , too .	There have been lighter moments on the campaign trail , too .	comp_adj	2464
So what 's the prescription for good men 's health ?	So what 's the prescription for better men 's health ?	comp_adj	2465
But staunch abortion opponents dismiss all the soft talk .	But staunch abortion opponents dismiss all the softer talk .	comp_adj	2466
Now she is gaining a clear vision of where she wants to go .	Now she is gaining a clearer vision of where she wants to go .	comp_adj	2468
We need to look deep into that .	We need to look deeper into that .	comp_adj	2470
And bring cash , preferably small bills : 5s , 10s and 20s .	And bring cash , preferably smaller bills : 5s , 10s and 20s .	comp_adj	2471
The young Eaves has never held public office .	The younger Eaves has never held public office .	comp_adj	2472
The man was old , and slightly out of breath .	The man was older , and slightly out of breath .	comp_adj	2473
McCain said he has high standards for his campaign .	McCain said he has higher standards for his campaign .	comp_adj	2474
It is a big canvas .	It is a bigger canvas .	comp_adj	2478
" Free " is a bit broad .	" Free " is a bit broader .	comp_adj	2479
He is plainly the candidate of fast change .	He is plainly the candidate of faster change .	comp_adj	2480
In China 's big cities children often start learning English in reception year .	In China 's bigger cities children often start learning English in reception year .	comp_adj	2481
Great Manchester Police have now replaced all cell basin plugholes .	Greater Manchester Police have now replaced all cell basin plugholes .	comp_adj	2485
He plans to consolidate it into large operations .	He plans to consolidate it into larger operations .	comp_adj	2487
Broad stock indicators also fell sharply Friday .	Broader stock indicators also fell sharply Friday .	comp_adj	2488
Ms Davie cites two examples of opt-in behaviour within the old churches .	Ms Davie cites two examples of opt-in behaviour within the older churches .	comp_adj	2491
But Taiwan gave great emphasis to its sovereignty .	But Taiwan gave greater emphasis to its sovereignty .	comp_adj	2492
His old son is 17 .	His older son is 17 .	comp_adj	2493
The all-new 2008 Chevrolet Malibu lacks such gimmicks yet seems quiet .	The all-new 2008 Chevrolet Malibu lacks such gimmicks yet seems quieter .	comp_adj	2495
The sales increase resulted from high selling prices .	The sales increase resulted from higher selling prices .	comp_adj	2496
But the new age laws have not just affected old people .	But the new age laws have not just affected older people .	comp_adj	2497
Another ambitious overview of a giant subject has happy results .	Another ambitious overview of a giant subject has happier results .	comp_adj	2498
His daughter sinks deep into herself like a sulking teenager .	His daughter sinks deeper into herself like a sulking teenager .	comp_adj	2499
American reporters , Mr. Howard said , are kind .	American reporters , Mr. Howard said , are kinder .	comp_adj	2500
Yet the taxes could go high .	Yet the taxes could go higher .	comp_adj	2501
Mr Targay says the defence facilities were easy to rebuild .	Mr Targay says the defence facilities were easier to rebuild .	comp_adj	2502
This increase was attributable to high manufacturing costs .	This increase was attributable to higher manufacturing costs .	comp_adj	2503
Iron helps hemoglobin deliver oxygen at great volumes .	Iron helps hemoglobin deliver oxygen at greater volumes .	comp_adj	2505
That said , old Americans are enjoying sex in large numbers .	That said , older Americans are enjoying sex in large numbers .	comp_adj	2506
And Buy Nothing Day might be a sign of big things to come .	And Buy Nothing Day might be a sign of bigger things to come .	comp_adj	2508
Low interest rates reduce the attractiveness of the dollar to investors .	Lower interest rates reduce the attractiveness of the dollar to investors .	comp_adj	2509
Energy stocks were also down on weak oil prices .	Energy stocks were also down on weaker oil prices .	comp_adj	2510
Nonalcoholic beer was easy to find .	Nonalcoholic beer was easier to find .	comp_adj	2511
But the trend toward good security is indisputable .	But the trend toward better security is indisputable .	comp_adj	2512
She said bad offenders are still operating .	She said worse offenders are still operating .	comp_adj	2513
I do not think politics can bring a good situation .	I do not think politics can bring a better situation .	comp_adj	2514
Obesity was defined as having a BMI of 30 or high .	Obesity was defined as having a BMI of 30 or higher .	comp_adj	2516
Low interest rates would make the dollar a less attractive investment .	Lower interest rates would make the dollar a less attractive investment .	comp_adj	2518
The interiors were tricky .	The interiors were trickier .	comp_adj	2520
Pour into a blender and process on low , then high speed .	Pour into a blender and process on low , then higher speed .	comp_adj	2522
IRS officials suggest that people file electronically to get fast refunds .	IRS officials suggest that people file electronically to get faster refunds .	comp_adj	2523
The big problem with CFLs is their mercury content .	The bigger problem with CFLs is their mercury content .	comp_adj	2526
But now , it is seeking high returns .	But now , it is seeking higher returns .	comp_adj	2528
Its mission is to mobilize residents and sectors for a strong San Francisco .	Its mission is to mobilize residents and sectors for a stronger San Francisco .	comp_adj	2529
Getting rid of the AMT will indeed make the tax code simple .	Getting rid of the AMT will indeed make the tax code simpler .	comp_adj	2530
Guard Nate Robinson was especially grateful for the light atmosphere .	Guard Nate Robinson was especially grateful for the lighter atmosphere .	comp_adj	2536
The politics of politics were easy to sort out .	The politics of politics were easier to sort out .	comp_adj	2538
Around them , however , are lively performances .	Around them , however , are livelier performances .	comp_adj	2539
But the city force now wants all officers to set a good example .	But the city force now wants all officers to set a better example .	comp_adj	2540
It is also cheap .	It is also cheaper .	comp_adj	2541
This tale seems grim .	This tale seems grimmer .	comp_adj	2542
But the old man invites audiences to notice his grey hairs .	But the older man invites audiences to notice his grey hairs .	comp_adj	2544
The specter of strict oversight has carriers spooked .	The specter of stricter oversight has carriers spooked .	comp_adj	2545
That could explain the small declines in shares of those chains .	That could explain the smaller declines in shares of those chains .	comp_adj	2548
In some ways , I felt like I had become a good person .	In some ways , I felt like I had become a better person .	comp_adj	2550
He also added some of the play 's good jokes .	He also added some of the play 's better jokes .	comp_adj	2552
That is why he is a good horse going in the other direction .	That is why he is a better horse going in the other direction .	comp_adj	2553
But gossip about a stranger lacks this great context .	But gossip about a stranger lacks this greater context .	comp_adj	2554
That is a bit tricky , to say the least .	That is a bit trickier , to say the least .	comp_adj	2555
Paying for prominent creative talent is a tricky business .	Paying for prominent creative talent is a trickier business .	comp_adj	2556
Friday will be bright , although still very cold .	Friday will be brighter , although still very cold .	comp_adj	2557
Other historians have been far harsh .	Other historians have been far harsher .	comp_adj	2559
It is bad when broken down into individual results .	It is worse when broken down into individual results .	comp_adj	2560
Consumers are changing their behavior in response to high prices at the pump .	Consumers are changing their behavior in response to higher prices at the pump .	comp_adj	2562
The increase in revenue was driven primarily by high production .	The increase in revenue was driven primarily by higher production .	comp_adj	2563
Blue chips were broadly low Monday .	Blue chips were broadly lower Monday .	comp_adj	2564
It is unknown whether this finding applies to young postmenopausal women .	It is unknown whether this finding applies to younger postmenopausal women .	comp_adj	2565
The BBC is to reintroduce premium-rate phone-in competitions under strict guidelines .	The BBC is to reintroduce premium-rate phone-in competitions under stricter guidelines .	comp_adj	2566
I think frontline people that know customers better can make good decisions .	I think frontline people that know customers better can make better decisions .	comp_adj	2568
Large companies are already testing ads on small sites .	Large companies are already testing ads on smaller sites .	comp_adj	2572
It definitely could have been bad .	It definitely could have been worse .	comp_adj	2573
That is not to say the old Williams was not good , too .	That is not to say the older Williams was not good , too .	comp_adj	2574
The developers hope the large , lower-priced lots will attract professional farming operations .	The developers hope the larger , lower-priced lots will attract professional farming operations .	comp_adj	2576
The men 's elite end was close .	The men 's elite end was closer .	comp_adj	2577
And now it is easy to talk .	And now it is easier to talk .	comp_adj	2578
Australia , Canada and Britain all scored near the average .	Australia , Canada and Britain all scored nearer the average .	comp_adj	2580
Low HDL-borne cholesterol levels are known to increase the risk of heart disease .	Lower HDL-borne cholesterol levels are known to increase the risk of heart disease .	comp_adj	2581
That fall her old sister Yetunde was murdered .	That fall her older sister Yetunde was murdered .	comp_adj	2582
But that does not mean it is time to celebrate a full figure .	But that does not mean it is time to celebrate a fuller figure .	comp_adj	2583
He objected to benefit cuts or a high retirement age .	He objected to benefit cuts or a higher retirement age .	comp_adj	2585
Has money gotten dirty ?	Has money gotten dirtier ?	comp_adj	2587
And looked bad .	And looked worse .	comp_adj	2589
Critic : Poor students lose out ?	Critic : Poorer students lose out ?	comp_adj	2590
They can sing high and longer and louder .	They can sing higher and longer and louder .	comp_adj	2591
Her calling was high : first-degree murder and national security .	Her calling was higher : first-degree murder and national security .	comp_adj	2593
Like all affluent Parisians , Edward enjoys the fine things of life .	Like all affluent Parisians , Edward enjoys the finer things of life .	comp_adj	2597
The cards with the best rewards tend to have high rates .	The cards with the best rewards tend to have higher rates .	comp_adj	2598
But the tour soon revealed simple pleasures .	But the tour soon revealed simpler pleasures .	comp_adj	2599
Missing , however , were the small details .	Missing , however , were the smaller details .	comp_adj	2600
Others believe the power of persuasion would create quick results .	Others believe the power of persuasion would create quicker results .	comp_adj	2604
" Good today , " Tyler agreed .	" Better today , " Tyler agreed .	comp_adj	2605
As a result , she says , she is healthy and more confident .	As a result , she says , she is healthier and more confident .	comp_adj	2606
Obviously the wide concern must be whether this was a one-off incident .	Obviously the wider concern must be whether this was a one-off incident .	comp_adj	2607
Others just want a small bedroom adjoining the master suite .	Others just want a smaller bedroom adjoining the master suite .	comp_adj	2609
Agreement reached on holding talks with Nato on close relations .	Agreement reached on holding talks with Nato on closer relations .	comp_adj	2610
" We will not get a good chance , " he said .	" We will not get a better chance , " he said .	comp_adj	2612
Romney , by contrast , has wide support .	Romney , by contrast , has wider support .	comp_adj	2613
And there is bad to follow .	And there is worse to follow .	comp_adj	2615
But his aides said he felt sick as the day progressed .	But his aides said he felt sicker as the day progressed .	comp_adj	2617
There has got to be an easy way .	There has got to be an easier way .	comp_adj	2618
Flint is faring bad .	Flint is faring worse .	comp_adj	2619
" He is considerably good today , " Melvin said .	" He is considerably better today , " Melvin said .	comp_adj	2620
They 've even shown the light side of Clarence .	They 've even shown the lighter side of Clarence .	comp_adj	2622
Harrison picks up the specifics , Barnes paints the big picture .	Harrison picks up the specifics , Barnes paints the bigger picture .	comp_adj	2626
These risks include great sensitivity to general economic downturns .	These risks include greater sensitivity to general economic downturns .	comp_adj	2630
Must be 18 years or old to attend .	Must be 18 years or older to attend .	comp_adj	2631
Bad damage to my psyche was coming .	Worse damage to my psyche was coming .	comp_adj	2632
That would mean getting the Tar Heels deep in the NCAA tournament .	That would mean getting the Tar Heels deeper in the NCAA tournament .	comp_adj	2633
And it is a hit with young priests and their parishioners .	And it is a hit with younger priests and their parishioners .	comp_adj	2635
I would like to play something a bit light .	I would like to play something a bit lighter .	comp_adj	2636
Other potential Biggies preferred a loose approach .	Other potential Biggies preferred a looser approach .	comp_adj	2637
A close examination of the box revealed spiders and their webs .	A closer examination of the box revealed spiders and their webs .	comp_adj	2640
The small model gets 30 and 5 hours .	The smaller model gets 30 and 5 hours .	comp_adj	2642
He estimates that average industry efficiency is close to 60 percent .	He estimates that average industry efficiency is closer to 60 percent .	comp_adj	2644
The big question is whether the aid will be effective .	The bigger question is whether the aid will be effective .	comp_adj	2645
" " What we are dealing with in society today is subtle .	" " What we are dealing with in society today is subtler .	comp_adj	2646
Close Kevin Gregg earned his 29th save .	Closer Kevin Gregg earned his 29th save .	comp_adj	2649
I am in my 80s with a husband several years old .	I am in my 80s with a husband several years older .	comp_adj	2650
Rates are high on peak season dates and for last-minute bookings .	Rates are higher on peak season dates and for last-minute bookings .	comp_adj	2652
It is a lot easy with the quarterback position .	It is a lot easier with the quarterback position .	comp_adj	2653
A ray of sunshine to lift all those dark neutrals .	A ray of sunshine to lift all those darker neutrals .	comp_adj	2654
California officials said their law was tough and acted faster .	California officials said their law was tougher and acted faster .	comp_adj	2655
Broad indexes also advanced .	Broader indexes also advanced .	comp_adj	2656
FirstGroup shares closed 10p high at 702p .	FirstGroup shares closed 10p higher at 702p .	comp_adj	2657
The U.S. jobs report prompted broad selling in markets overseas .	The U.S. jobs report prompted broader selling in markets overseas .	comp_adj	2658
You 'd find few good examples of the perfectly-pitched plea in mitigation .	You 'd find few better examples of the perfectly-pitched plea in mitigation .	comp_adj	2659
Everything is big .	Everything is bigger .	comp_adj	2660
Low official interest rates are almost certainly on the way .	Lower official interest rates are almost certainly on the way .	comp_adj	2661
Broad indicators also fell .	Broader indicators also fell .	comp_adj	2662
There is also a big section concentrating on home organization .	There is also a bigger section concentrating on home organization .	comp_adj	2663
I was quiet , not as confident .	I was quieter , not as confident .	comp_adj	2665
Edwards called for great accountability in hiring contractors .	Edwards called for greater accountability in hiring contractors .	comp_adj	2669
Yet deep significance eludes .	Yet deeper significance eludes .	comp_adj	2670
Mr. Hebberoy is taking a simple approach to financing these days .	Mr. Hebberoy is taking a simpler approach to financing these days .	comp_adj	2671
But these latecomers may have to accept low valuations , he said .	But these latecomers may have to accept lower valuations , he said .	comp_adj	2673
Bridge loans also tend to allow a low loan-to-value ratio .	Bridge loans also tend to allow a lower loan-to-value ratio .	comp_adj	2674
He was told that the old ones were refusing to go to school .	He was told that the older ones were refusing to go to school .	comp_adj	2675
Perhaps it is healthy our way .	Perhaps it is healthier our way .	comp_adj	2677
Are the beverage manufacturers targeting the young audience ?	Are the beverage manufacturers targeting the younger audience ?	comp_adj	2678
It was a little quality .	It was a lesser quality .	comp_adj	2680
There is nobody that works harder and achieves good results !	There is nobody that works harder and achieves better results !	comp_adj	2681
It is time to put off those negative mind-sets and rise high .	It is time to put off those negative mind-sets and rise higher .	comp_adj	2682
Overseas markets mostly moved high .	Overseas markets mostly moved higher .	comp_adj	2683
Only 15 percent claimed they switched to get good treatment .	Only 15 percent claimed they switched to get better treatment .	comp_adj	2684
I am at a loss for good pronouns .	I am at a loss for better pronouns .	comp_adj	2686
The need for healthy eating is as great as ever .	The need for healthier eating is as great as ever .	comp_adj	2687
Groups representing big firms cautiously welcomed it .	Groups representing bigger firms cautiously welcomed it .	comp_adj	2688
Diminishing signal bars on a wireless data connection mean a slow connection .	Diminishing signal bars on a wireless data connection mean a slower connection .	comp_adj	2689
Some observers had expected a large write-down .	Some observers had expected a larger write-down .	comp_adj	2690
Easy voter registration and outreach have helped as well , she said .	Easier voter registration and outreach have helped as well , she said .	comp_adj	2691
This one could be bad .	This one could be worse .	comp_adj	2693
He is keen on building a functioning state than building a democracy .	He is keener on building a functioning state than building a democracy .	comp_adj	2694
But we can get good health care going this way .	But we can get better health care going this way .	comp_adj	2696
And my young sister , Tessa , got a massive Saint Theresa .	And my younger sister , Tessa , got a massive Saint Theresa .	comp_adj	2699
Restaurant operators also reported strong customer traffic levels in August .	Restaurant operators also reported stronger customer traffic levels in August .	comp_adj	2700
But the court would be poor without him .	But the court would be poorer without him .	comp_adj	2702
Yamaha 's IntelliBeam autosetup and calibration system could not be easy to use .	Yamaha 's IntelliBeam autosetup and calibration system could not be easier to use .	comp_adj	2703
That means that it should be easy to make money .	That means that it should be easier to make money .	comp_adj	2707
But the etchings help forge a broad philosophical argument .	But the etchings help forge a broader philosophical argument .	comp_adj	2708
The company also cast the small roles well .	The company also cast the smaller roles well .	comp_adj	2713
The draft mixes grand symbolic gestures with small , concrete measures .	The draft mixes grand symbolic gestures with smaller , concrete measures .	comp_adj	2714
Look for cool temperatures and occasional showers through Friday .	Look for cooler temperatures and occasional showers through Friday .	comp_adj	2716
Dropping weight produces light version of same person .	Dropping weight produces lighter version of same person .	comp_adj	2717
Then there are the big changes , wrought by literally living with history .	Then there are the bigger changes , wrought by literally living with history .	comp_adj	2718
Kanye West did not look cool by wearing his sunglasses indoors .	Kanye West did not look cooler by wearing his sunglasses indoors .	comp_adj	2719
It was easy to become wealthy in the past than it is now .	It was easier to become wealthy in the past than it is now .	comp_adj	2720
Some sports are hard to police than others .	Some sports are harder to police than others .	comp_adj	2721
They could make a big difference back home , he said .	They could make a bigger difference back home , he said .	comp_adj	2722
On the unraveling of that liberal consensus he is weak .	On the unraveling of that liberal consensus he is weaker .	comp_adj	2723
Redrow became the latest housebuilder to warn of tough times ahead .	Redrow became the latest housebuilder to warn of tougher times ahead .	comp_adj	2724
Nancy was thirty-nine but looked young .	Nancy was thirty-nine but looked younger .	comp_adj	2725
There is not a lot of young people who are reading Reich .	There is not a lot of younger people who are reading Reich .	comp_adj	2727
What could be easy ?	What could be easier ?	comp_adj	2728
But new realities were just as important .	But newer realities were just as important .	comp_adj	2729
In other instances , old residents might receive support through nonprofit groups .	In other instances , older residents might receive support through nonprofit groups .	comp_adj	2731
A tough decision will be whether to sell Time Inc .	A tougher decision will be whether to sell Time Inc .	comp_adj	2732
Heating oil customers could be facing high bills this winter .	Heating oil customers could be facing higher bills this winter .	comp_adj	2734
Evidence that people were wealthy was everywhere .	Evidence that people were wealthier was everywhere .	comp_adj	2736
You 're gonna need a big boat !	You 're gonna need a bigger boat !	comp_adj	2737
But the differences run deep , analysts and European officials said .	But the differences run deeper , analysts and European officials said .	comp_adj	2738
If anything , that pressure has gotten bad .	If anything , that pressure has gotten worse .	comp_adj	2739
, who would go on to big things .	, who would go on to bigger things .	comp_adj	2740
" They are the old generation , " she points out .	" They are the older generation , " she points out .	comp_adj	2741
Just being big is not enough anymore .	Just being bigger is not enough anymore .	comp_adj	2742
In theory , the Jets should be a good team .	In theory , the Jets should be a better team .	comp_adj	2743
Horatio Nelson Jackson must have had it rough .	Horatio Nelson Jackson must have had it rougher .	comp_adj	2744
But they 'll make us take bad players .	But they 'll make us take worse players .	comp_adj	2745
Tough for OPEC to exert control Doing that has never been easy .	Tougher for OPEC to exert control Doing that has never been easy .	comp_adj	2746
His large donations flowed from major shareholders in Home Bancshares Inc .	His larger donations flowed from major shareholders in Home Bancshares Inc .	comp_adj	2748
Cool weather had helped the emergency efforts , fire officials said .	Cooler weather had helped the emergency efforts , fire officials said .	comp_adj	2750
DENVER - The Denver Broncos may never have called a smart timeout .	DENVER - The Denver Broncos may never have called a smarter timeout .	comp_adj	2752
Jodrey was busy in March .	Jodrey was busier in March .	comp_adj	2753
Investors were pleased with a high financial forecast .	Investors were pleased with a higher financial forecast .	comp_adj	2755
It had top sustained winds near 65 mph , with strong gusts .	It had top sustained winds near 65 mph , with stronger gusts .	comp_adj	2757
It is about the broad power of the state .	It is about the broader power of the state .	comp_adj	2758
What is bad is to talk when your head is empty .	What is worse is to talk when your head is empty .	comp_adj	2761
A good plan : Pack a picnic lunch from the ship .	A better plan : Pack a picnic lunch from the ship .	comp_adj	2762
But campaigners for rape victims said the sanctions should have been harsh .	But campaigners for rape victims said the sanctions should have been harsher .	comp_adj	2763
Then , if you are lucky , you beat all those young women .	Then , if you are lucky , you beat all those younger women .	comp_adj	2765
Small districts may find the Montana Edition sufficient to meet their needs .	Smaller districts may find the Montana Edition sufficient to meet their needs .	comp_adj	2766
" It is a simple plan , " Sperling said .	" It is a simpler plan , " Sperling said .	comp_adj	2769
Low property and local business taxes are a start .	Lower property and local business taxes are a start .	comp_adj	2773
Some people also find it tasty .	Some people also find it tastier .	comp_adj	2775
Ask for a good view .	Ask for a better view .	comp_adj	2776
Doctors say she could develop kidney or liver problems as she grows old .	Doctors say she could develop kidney or liver problems as she grows older .	comp_adj	2777
But , she added , a big problem was money from Iran .	But , she added , a bigger problem was money from Iran .	comp_adj	2778
Clients do not dock anymore , especially those with big yachts .	Clients do not dock anymore , especially those with bigger yachts .	comp_adj	2779
I am not sure which is scarey .	I am not sure which is scarier .	comp_adj	2780
What good way to cultivate allegiance than to make entry an aversive experience ?	What better way to cultivate allegiance than to make entry an aversive experience ?	comp_adj	2781
But , hey , it could be bad .	But , hey , it could be worse .	comp_adj	2782
And I am afraid there is bad to come .	And I am afraid there is worse to come .	comp_adj	2783
Broad stock indicators fell .	Broader stock indicators fell .	comp_adj	2784
Computers allow musicians to produce a broad range of sounds .	Computers allow musicians to produce a broader range of sounds .	comp_adj	2785
" True " was a good word .	" True " was a better word .	comp_adj	2786
It is distinctly cool and a light drizzle has set in .	It is distinctly cooler and a light drizzle has set in .	comp_adj	2787
The small Shenzhen Composite Index fell 0.7 percent to 725.82 .	The smaller Shenzhen Composite Index fell 0.7 percent to 725.82 .	comp_adj	2788
They also report the possibility of deep primary sulphide resources .	They also report the possibility of deeper primary sulphide resources .	comp_adj	2789
Rather , it goes broad .	Rather , it goes broader .	comp_adj	2792
Before leaving , they stole a cigarette light .	Before leaving , they stole a cigarette lighter .	comp_adj	2793
Will it make them good players ?	Will it make them better players ?	comp_adj	2795
The Fed has merely applied a temporary band aid to a big problem .	The Fed has merely applied a temporary band aid to a bigger problem .	comp_adj	2796
Oh , other teams have gone 2-13 -- and bad .	Oh , other teams have gone 2-13 -- and worse .	comp_adj	2797
Sure , it is hard to get approved for a mortgage these days .	Sure , it is harder to get approved for a mortgage these days .	comp_adj	2799
The tough sentence was handed down after an appeal .	The tougher sentence was handed down after an appeal .	comp_adj	2802
We thought it was going to be easy for the customer to understand .	We thought it was going to be easier for the customer to understand .	comp_adj	2805
She lost weight , dressed differently , looked sexy .	She lost weight , dressed differently , looked sexier .	comp_adj	2806
I , for one , would have low blood pressure .	I , for one , would have lower blood pressure .	comp_adj	2807
Even the dental clinics have fly guys .	Even the dental clinics have flier guys .	comp_adj	2809
" " When you are circumcised , the hormones are low .	" " When you are circumcised , the hormones are lower .	comp_adj	2813
Next year , of course , will be bad .	Next year , of course , will be worse .	comp_adj	2814
The Dutch side is the busy .	The Dutch side is the busier .	comp_adj	2815
Old children were bitten more often by dogs with territorial behavior .	Older children were bitten more often by dogs with territorial behavior .	comp_adj	2816
It is pretty much Reagan-era stuff , only funny .	It is pretty much Reagan-era stuff , only funnier .	comp_adj	2817
She called for regulations mandating that bank customers be given clear information .	She called for regulations mandating that bank customers be given clearer information .	comp_adj	2818
Mr Brown 's move has expeditiously forced him on to hard turf .	Mr Brown 's move has expeditiously forced him on to harder turf .	comp_adj	2821
If you eat meat , choose lean cuts .	If you eat meat , choose leaner cuts .	comp_adj	2822
" " This move could not have come at a bad time .	" " This move could not have come at a worse time .	comp_adj	2823
Giuliani also advocated a permanent child tax credit and low marginal tax rates .	Giuliani also advocated a permanent child tax credit and lower marginal tax rates .	comp_adj	2825
She added that she hoped consultations would now be close .	She added that she hoped consultations would now be closer .	comp_adj	2826
At least my prospects for nimble fingers in old age were looking bright .	At least my prospects for nimble fingers in old age were looking brighter .	comp_adj	2827
How he would fare was of great uncertainty .	How he would fare was of greater uncertainty .	comp_adj	2828
DRIVING has never been safe .	DRIVING has never been safer .	comp_adj	2831
Could it have been a big win for the consumers ?	Could it have been a bigger win for the consumers ?	comp_adj	2834
Soon Brooke began thinking grand possibilities .	Soon Brooke began thinking grander possibilities .	comp_adj	2835
Good Holyfield loses and sticks to fighting insurance salesmen in the ring .	Better Holyfield loses and sticks to fighting insurance salesmen in the ring .	comp_adj	2837
Watch as its old rivals start copying its perks .	Watch as its older rivals start copying its perks .	comp_adj	2840
Such denial may reveal a wide problem .	Such denial may reveal a wider problem .	comp_adj	2842
And Chauhan , Sharma notes , has his murky side .	And Chauhan , Sharma notes , has his murkier side .	comp_adj	2843
There is always a good option .	There is always a better option .	comp_adj	2844
The thefts are being driven by large forces internationally .	The thefts are being driven by larger forces internationally .	comp_adj	2845
Mark to muddle may be close to reality .	Mark to muddle may be closer to reality .	comp_adj	2846
The first human displacement was for a small dam project in the 1980s .	The first human displacement was for a smaller dam project in the 1980s .	comp_adj	2847
Even in the large villages , the children lacked shoes .	Even in the larger villages , the children lacked shoes .	comp_adj	2848
Leonard said her natural instinct had temporarily surpassed her good judgment .	Leonard said her natural instinct had temporarily surpassed her better judgment .	comp_adj	2850
1972 - New constitution provides for a great autonomy .	1972 - New constitution provides for a greater autonomy .	comp_adj	2852
The number could be high if there were passengers in those vehicles .	The number could be higher if there were passengers in those vehicles .	comp_adj	2853
The stock was later 8.5p low at 881p .	The stock was later 8.5p lower at 881p .	comp_adj	2855
This is when you wear cheap opaques .	This is when you wear cheaper opaques .	comp_adj	2856
The Patriots are hot .	The Patriots are hotter .	comp_adj	2857
Broad stock indicators also came off their lows .	Broader stock indicators also came off their lows .	comp_adj	2858
Who could wish for a good epitaph ?	Who could wish for a better epitaph ?	comp_adj	2859
FEMA has also stumbled in small ways .	FEMA has also stumbled in smaller ways .	comp_adj	2860
The Daily Mail though reports the figure could be close to two million .	The Daily Mail though reports the figure could be closer to two million .	comp_adj	2861
In July , the agency began replacing its old bike racks .	In July , the agency began replacing its older bike racks .	comp_adj	2863
And you 'll help your doc do a good job , too .	And you 'll help your doc do a better job , too .	comp_adj	2864
Chavez said , calling the euro a good option .	Chavez said , calling the euro a better option .	comp_adj	2865
In return , the motorist would get a low premium .	In return , the motorist would get a lower premium .	comp_adj	2866
But , he said , he would not oppose a strict standard .	But , he said , he would not oppose a stricter standard .	comp_adj	2867
It is cheap , and it spreads information more quickly .	It is cheaper , and it spreads information more quickly .	comp_adj	2868
And it is easy to fit multiple people .	And it is easier to fit multiple people .	comp_adj	2869
She now hunts for good bargains on eBay .	She now hunts for better bargains on eBay .	comp_adj	2870
Pursue a low rate if necessary .	Pursue a lower rate if necessary .	comp_adj	2871
On the talk show sofa , small details become emblematic of something large .	On the talk show sofa , small details become emblematic of something larger .	comp_adj	2873
There was good news about inflation contained in the Commerce Department 's report .	There was better news about inflation contained in the Commerce Department 's report .	comp_adj	2876
He called for great international engagement to combat the trend .	He called for greater international engagement to combat the trend .	comp_adj	2879
07 edged low by 0 .	07 edged lower by 0 .	comp_adj	2881
Cornwell sees a strong connection .	Cornwell sees a stronger connection .	comp_adj	2882
The dollar was weak overseas .	The dollar was weaker overseas .	comp_adj	2883
It is very peaceful and you are close to nature .	It is very peaceful and you are closer to nature .	comp_adj	2884
The young was the most seriously wounded , authorities said .	The younger was the most seriously wounded , authorities said .	comp_adj	2885
We have heard that condos are hard to resell than houses .	We have heard that condos are harder to resell than houses .	comp_adj	2890
He is strong and has a great touch around the basket .	He is stronger and has a great touch around the basket .	comp_adj	2891
He was almost strange to me .	He was almost stranger to me .	comp_adj	2892
Ms. Bychkova proposed a harsh fate .	Ms. Bychkova proposed a harsher fate .	comp_adj	2893
Yesterday was quiet .	Yesterday was quieter .	comp_adj	2894
The BBC will be physically small .	The BBC will be physically smaller .	comp_adj	2896
He is 14 but looks young , perhaps 12 .	He is 14 but looks younger , perhaps 12 .	comp_adj	2897
Another says the likely figure is 98 % .	Another says the likelier figure is 98 % .	comp_adj	2898
" " It is never been easy to be a procrastinator .	" " It is never been easier to be a procrastinator .	comp_adj	2900
Global climate change and damage to wetlands also put homes in great peril .	Global climate change and damage to wetlands also put homes in greater peril .	comp_adj	2901
But the great juxtaposition will be of institution and art .	But the greater juxtaposition will be of institution and art .	comp_adj	2904
A low court had acquitted SAS Norge .	A lower court had acquitted SAS Norge .	comp_adj	2905
High interbank financing costs will eat into margins and reduce lending growth .	Higher interbank financing costs will eat into margins and reduce lending growth .	comp_adj	2906
The move is part of wide Commons ' timetable changes .	The move is part of wider Commons ' timetable changes .	comp_adj	2909
After a couple of minutes there was another , big one .	After a couple of minutes there was another , bigger one .	comp_adj	2912
High commodity costs have led Kellogg Co .	Higher commodity costs have led Kellogg Co .	comp_adj	2913
" " So I think I am lucky .	" " So I think I am luckier .	comp_adj	2914
Most of these deaths occur in people 65 years of age and old .	Most of these deaths occur in people 65 years of age and older .	comp_adj	2915
Look for large sites with plenty of listings .	Look for larger sites with plenty of listings .	comp_adj	2916
Could be bad .	Could be worse .	comp_adj	2917
In other countries , there is great latitude .	In other countries , there is greater latitude .	comp_adj	2918
None of the bloody sentences has been carried out .	None of the bloodier sentences has been carried out .	comp_adj	2919
Industrial metals moved high on the London Metal Exchange .	Industrial metals moved higher on the London Metal Exchange .	comp_adj	2921
This may reflect rising drug consumption in wealthy areas of the country .	This may reflect rising drug consumption in wealthier areas of the country .	comp_adj	2922
In Europe they travel a lot light .	In Europe they travel a lot lighter .	comp_adj	2924
A restoration of habeas corpus rights might have a good chance .	A restoration of habeas corpus rights might have a better chance .	comp_adj	2925
We just need good funding .	We just need better funding .	comp_adj	2926
EVERY man has his price ; a minister 's is just high .	EVERY man has his price ; a minister 's is just higher .	comp_adj	2927
Sharp opinions were expressed over whether Petraeus is telling the truth .	Sharper opinions were expressed over whether Petraeus is telling the truth .	comp_adj	2928
A good answer lies in transatlantic philosophical differences .	A better answer lies in transatlantic philosophical differences .	comp_adj	2931
However , cool temperatures are expected to aid firefighters .	However , cooler temperatures are expected to aid firefighters .	comp_adj	2932
I am not convinced it was necessarily safe .	I am not convinced it was necessarily safer .	comp_adj	2934
A softening job market eventually will probably mean slow wage growth .	A softening job market eventually will probably mean slower wage growth .	comp_adj	2935
Trick-or-treating is intended for young kids .	Trick-or-treating is intended for younger kids .	comp_adj	2937
... I want simple taxes too .	... I want simpler taxes too .	comp_adj	2938
Other tallies differ and some have given high civilian death tolls .	Other tallies differ and some have given higher civilian death tolls .	comp_adj	2940
I want low taxes .	I want lower taxes .	comp_adj	2941
" " I want them to have a good life .	" " I want them to have a better life .	comp_adj	2945
Everybody leans in for a close view .	Everybody leans in for a closer view .	comp_adj	2946
Build a small reservoir on Crooked Creek .	Build a smaller reservoir on Crooked Creek .	comp_adj	2948
And many people are going through the same or bad .	And many people are going through the same or worse .	comp_adj	2949
The return to great thrift may already be happening .	The return to greater thrift may already be happening .	comp_adj	2951
In the long term , it hopes to offer the technique more widely .	In the longer term , it hopes to offer the technique more widely .	comp_adj	2952
The winner was close Al Reyes ( 2-2 ) .	The winner was closer Al Reyes ( 2-2 ) .	comp_adj	2953
When scheduling problems halted his acupuncture treatment Captain grew bad , she said .	When scheduling problems halted his acupuncture treatment Captain grew worse , she said .	comp_adj	2955
These tough sanctions would cover oil and gas investment and the financial sector .	These tougher sanctions would cover oil and gas investment and the financial sector .	comp_adj	2958
Benazir Bhutto would provide great stability and respectability as prime minister .	Benazir Bhutto would provide greater stability and respectability as prime minister .	comp_adj	2959
Your blood pressure is low .	Your blood pressure is lower .	comp_adj	2961
Single greeting cards start at $ 2.95 with discounts given for large orders .	Single greeting cards start at $ 2.95 with discounts given for larger orders .	comp_adj	2963
The toll could be high .	The toll could be higher .	comp_adj	2964
In 2008 , it will be hard to find airport parking .	In 2008 , it will be harder to find airport parking .	comp_adj	2965
The Irish were bad , in almost every way .	The Irish were worse , in almost every way .	comp_adj	2966
Earlier in the season , the Eagles had great ambitions .	Earlier in the season , the Eagles had greater ambitions .	comp_adj	2967
Another factor was the weak level of hedging rates versus the American dollar .	Another factor was the weaker level of hedging rates versus the American dollar .	comp_adj	2969
The drug makers point to individual studies with good results .	The drug makers point to individual studies with better results .	comp_adj	2970
High petrol prices and volatile financial markets have also hit US consumers .	Higher petrol prices and volatile financial markets have also hit US consumers .	comp_adj	2972
A far great holistic approach needs to be adopted .	A far greater holistic approach needs to be adopted .	comp_adj	2973
There will also be wide use of the International Baccalaureate .	There will also be wider use of the International Baccalaureate .	comp_adj	2974
The fact is , our customers should be getting good service .	The fact is , our customers should be getting better service .	comp_adj	2975
SIMPLY NUTRILITE products are the sure option for quick and good nutrition .	SIMPLY NUTRILITE products are the sure option for quick and better nutrition .	comp_adj	2976
Understanding this puzzle requires digging deep into some rather complex statistics .	Understanding this puzzle requires digging deeper into some rather complex statistics .	comp_adj	2979
Christie 's had good material and the market responded .	Christie 's had better material and the market responded .	comp_adj	2980
But for the most part adventure remains the province of small institutions .	But for the most part adventure remains the province of smaller institutions .	comp_adj	2981
Close Trevor Hoffman earned his 40th save this season .	Closer Trevor Hoffman earned his 40th save this season .	comp_adj	2983
Michael Jackson had good wake up .	Michael Jackson had better wake up .	comp_adj	2988
There was evidence , too , of great maturity from Marlon Samuels .	There was evidence , too , of greater maturity from Marlon Samuels .	comp_adj	2989
But they failed in low courts and on appeal .	But they failed in lower courts and on appeal .	comp_adj	2990
Mr Arnault has big ambitions in the media still .	Mr Arnault has bigger ambitions in the media still .	comp_adj	2991
New York was bad , Romney fired back .	New York was worse , Romney fired back .	comp_adj	2993
My young sister is now a mother with children .	My younger sister is now a mother with children .	comp_adj	2995
For in his movie , he emerges triumphant ( and tall ) .	For in his movie , he emerges triumphant ( and taller ) .	comp_adj	2998
It is the small plantation owners that are a concern .	It is the smaller plantation owners that are a concern .	comp_adj	2999
Opposition groups say the number is far high .	Opposition groups say the number is far higher .	comp_adj	3001
" You look old , " I say , truthfully .	" You look older , " I say , truthfully .	comp_adj	3002
Others argue fundamentals clearly support high prices .	Others argue fundamentals clearly support higher prices .	comp_adj	3004
The losses could be large this year .	The losses could be larger this year .	comp_adj	3005
We cannot complain , they were the good team .	We cannot complain , they were the better team .	comp_adj	3006
That album was brooding and decidedly slanted toward their hard rock roots .	That album was brooding and decidedly slanted toward their harder rock roots .	comp_adj	3007
Unofficial sources put the number far high .	Unofficial sources put the number far higher .	comp_adj	3009
That may have led to good results .	That may have led to better results .	comp_adj	3011
The Mets , meanwhile , just keep sinking low .	The Mets , meanwhile , just keep sinking lower .	comp_adj	3013
It is idleness that is hard to endure .	It is idleness that is harder to endure .	comp_adj	3014
All you can ask for is good execution .	All you can ask for is better execution .	comp_adj	3016
It is long and more difficult than a mediocre date , obviously .	It is longer and more difficult than a mediocre date , obviously .	comp_adj	3017
The Yankees have a loose signing strategy .	The Yankees have a looser signing strategy .	comp_adj	3018
Other industrial metals ended modestly high on the LME .	Other industrial metals ended modestly higher on the LME .	comp_adj	3019
Brown rice is also a healthy choice .	Brown rice is also a healthier choice .	comp_adj	3021
But Jennifer came off bad .	But Jennifer came off worse .	comp_adj	3022
Four starters on offense are 25 or young .	Four starters on offense are 25 or younger .	comp_adj	3023
Obviously , it is always easy when you win .	Obviously , it is always easier when you win .	comp_adj	3028
Washington 's nightlife is about to get a little bit rich .	Washington 's nightlife is about to get a little bit richer .	comp_adj	3030
" I love the hard stuff , " he said .	" I love the harder stuff , " he said .	comp_adj	3031
What good way to get comfort than grilled cheese ?	What better way to get comfort than grilled cheese ?	comp_adj	3034
Low federal courts all rejected el-Masri 's legal claims .	Lower federal courts all rejected el-Masri 's legal claims .	comp_adj	3037
Without dropping , how can it recover strong ?	Without dropping , how can it recover stronger ?	comp_adj	3038
The risk of high inflation also remains .	The risk of higher inflation also remains .	comp_adj	3039
Finland in particular is keen on close cooperation .	Finland in particular is keen on closer cooperation .	comp_adj	3040
Broad stock indexes also gained .	Broader stock indexes also gained .	comp_adj	3044
However , most evangelicals and charismatics are contained within the old religions .	However , most evangelicals and charismatics are contained within the older religions .	comp_adj	3047
Narain proposed high taxes on diesel vehicles .	Narain proposed higher taxes on diesel vehicles .	comp_adj	3048
Her brain works slow .	Her brain works slower .	comp_adj	3049
But a trip to the kitchen may be the smart move .	But a trip to the kitchen may be the smarter move .	comp_adj	3050
The broad retail-price measure rose from 3.9 % to 4.2 % .	The broader retail-price measure rose from 3.9 % to 4.2 % .	comp_adj	3051
Pink has also led the charge to overthrow another postwar intellectual orthodoxy .	Pinker has also led the charge to overthrow another postwar intellectual orthodoxy .	comp_adj	3052
It should be about enjoying every moment of a long life ?	It should be about enjoying every moment of a longer life ?	comp_adj	3053
The shares closed 7.75p high at 246p .	The shares closed 7.75p higher at 246p .	comp_adj	3054
Large loans are considered jumbo or super-jumbo in industry parlance .	Larger loans are considered jumbo or super-jumbo in industry parlance .	comp_adj	3055
Schwarzenegger sought quick action and vowed to sue .	Schwarzenegger sought quicker action and vowed to sue .	comp_adj	3056
The low level of the safe house was only three rooms .	The lower level of the safe house was only three rooms .	comp_adj	3057
Rubin has a big idea .	Rubin has a bigger idea .	comp_adj	3058
African Americans have high rates of hypertension and diabetes .	African Americans have higher rates of hypertension and diabetes .	comp_adj	3059
I know for a fact he will come out a good person .	I know for a fact he will come out a better person .	comp_adj	3060
Caine is also circumspect about his young co-star 's personal wobbles .	Caine is also circumspect about his younger co-star 's personal wobbles .	comp_adj	3061
We also struck to death our young brother and sister .	We also struck to death our younger brother and sister .	comp_adj	3062
Old women shouldn 't disappear .	Older women shouldn 't disappear .	comp_adj	3063
A strong electoral mandate will let PiS finish the job .	A stronger electoral mandate will let PiS finish the job .	comp_adj	3064
The Securities and Exchange Commission has instituted great pay disclosure rules .	The Securities and Exchange Commission has instituted greater pay disclosure rules .	comp_adj	3065
This fiscal folly could not come at a bad time .	This fiscal folly could not come at a worse time .	comp_adj	3066
Mr Salmond 's second 100 days have been hard .	Mr Salmond 's second 100 days have been harder .	comp_adj	3067
Many economists believe the actual rate is many times high .	Many economists believe the actual rate is many times higher .	comp_adj	3068
Young and Hipper ( Y & H ) equals good .	Younger and Hipper ( Y & H ) equals good .	comp_adj	3069
Plus , they are just good fun , aren 't they ?	Plus , they are just better fun , aren 't they ?	comp_adj	3070
His tend to be young and male .	His tend to be younger and male .	comp_adj	3071
In long interviews across Baghdad , the pattern was repeated .	In longer interviews across Baghdad , the pattern was repeated .	comp_adj	3072
Davies 's finance background might explain his facility for grasping the big picture .	Davies 's finance background might explain his facility for grasping the bigger picture .	comp_adj	3074
1958 - Tonga acquires great autonomy from Britain .	1958 - Tonga acquires greater autonomy from Britain .	comp_adj	3075
Colors appear soft .	Colors appear softer .	comp_adj	3076
" It was good today , " Carr said .	" It was better today , " Carr said .	comp_adj	3077
Third , how hard might the broad economy be hit ?	Third , how hard might the broader economy be hit ?	comp_adj	3078
Close Al Reyes earned his 23rd save .	Closer Al Reyes earned his 23rd save .	comp_adj	3080
The bold men would jeer and bait the soldiers .	The bolder men would jeer and bait the soldiers .	comp_adj	3082
Long stories and photo essays might be featured solely in print .	Longer stories and photo essays might be featured solely in print .	comp_adj	3084
Some said high fares would hurt the poor .	Some said higher fares would hurt the poor .	comp_adj	3091
Should it be easy for parents to set up their own schools ?	Should it be easier for parents to set up their own schools ?	comp_adj	3092
Mr Churkin said Russia favours a broad effort .	Mr Churkin said Russia favours a broader effort .	comp_adj	3093
The high non-core MTBE sales reflect both favorable volume and pricing .	The higher non-core MTBE sales reflect both favorable volume and pricing .	comp_adj	3094
everyone is happy , everyone is hungry .	everyone is happier , everyone is hungry .	comp_adj	3095
It is easy to do something online rather than to your face .	It is easier to do something online rather than to your face .	comp_adj	3096
Federalists had a broad agenda .	Federalists had a broader agenda .	comp_adj	3097
It is also using expensive credit to repay cheap credit .	It is also using expensive credit to repay cheaper credit .	comp_adj	3098
He is young , of course .	He is younger , of course .	comp_adj	3099
This increase was primarily due to high labor expenses .	This increase was primarily due to higher labor expenses .	comp_adj	3101
Gold edged high Monday as the dollar fell against the euro .	Gold edged higher Monday as the dollar fell against the euro .	comp_adj	3102
You cannot have a good guy in this position .	You cannot have a better guy in this position .	comp_adj	3103
Stella Byers , 82 , says her memory seems sharp .	Stella Byers , 82 , says her memory seems sharper .	comp_adj	3105
" Everything is fast , " he said .	" Everything is faster , " he said .	comp_adj	3106
Good Results Aleve and Alka-Seltzer are trademarks of Bayer .	Better Results Aleve and Alka-Seltzer are trademarks of Bayer .	comp_adj	3109
But its roots go far deep .	But its roots go far deeper .	comp_adj	3110
A sharp ground by Amaris Ramírez became a double play .	A sharp grounder by Amaris Ramírez became a double play .	comp_adj	3112
The Department for Transport ( DfT ) wants high penalties for excess speeding .	The Department for Transport ( DfT ) wants higher penalties for excess speeding .	comp_adj	3113
High marketing and advertising spending also impacted profit , the company said .	Higher marketing and advertising spending also impacted profit , the company said .	comp_adj	3115
The main aim is to get a good match for their child .	The main aim is to get a better match for their child .	comp_adj	3117
It is also risky .	It is also riskier .	comp_adj	3118
" This is a change for the bad , " he said .	" This is a change for the worse , " he said .	comp_adj	3119
Most pairs treat the low card as neutral .	Most pairs treat the lower card as neutral .	comp_adj	3121
In the United States , the numbers are far bad .	In the United States , the numbers are far worse .	comp_adj	3122
This time , the Democratic front-runner has a big lead .	This time , the Democratic front-runner has a bigger lead .	comp_adj	3123
The broad Case-Shiller index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	The broader Case-Shiller index of 20 metropolitan areas fell 6.1 percent .	comp_adj	3124
Which is the good scenario : yin-yang or similar personalities ?	Which is the better scenario : yin-yang or similar personalities ?	comp_adj	3125
Pack large quantities of liquids and gels in checked baggage .	Pack larger quantities of liquids and gels in checked baggage .	comp_adj	3127
The old they get , the more concerned they are .	The older they get , the more concerned they are .	comp_adj	3129
Good data collection in India and five African countries explains the apparent fall .	Better data collection in India and five African countries explains the apparent fall .	comp_adj	3130
They backed off and ordered his mother and young sister outside .	They backed off and ordered his mother and younger sister outside .	comp_adj	3131
But the Fed 's move began a chain reaction that sent prices high .	But the Fed 's move began a chain reaction that sent prices higher .	comp_adj	3132
There is an old book of his that I am obsessed with .	There is an older book of his that I am obsessed with .	comp_adj	3134
The large unions are holding out .	The larger unions are holding out .	comp_adj	3135
So hopefully the possibilities can be big .	So hopefully the possibilities can be bigger .	comp_adj	3136
The harbour 's four other islands are busy .	The harbour 's four other islands are busier .	comp_adj	3139
We believe that our acquisition represents a good fit with Resolution .	We believe that our acquisition represents a better fit with Resolution .	comp_adj	3140
Is there a great cost ?	Is there a greater cost ?	comp_adj	3141
We were beaten by the good team .	We were beaten by the better team .	comp_adj	3142
George Osborne seems old these days .	George Osborne seems older these days .	comp_adj	3143
The regime 's position grows weak by the day .	The regime 's position grows weaker by the day .	comp_adj	3145
Is there not a good way ?	Is there not a better way ?	comp_adj	3146
Truly enduring art must strike a deep chord .	Truly enduring art must strike a deeper chord .	comp_adj	3148
Last year 's anniversary was a small affair .	Last year 's anniversary was a smaller affair .	comp_adj	3149
There is a big prize out there , and we understand that .	There is a bigger prize out there , and we understand that .	comp_adj	3151
This was tough .	This was tougher .	comp_adj	3152
Chief executive Alan Mulally said the economic concerns included tight credit markets .	Chief executive Alan Mulally said the economic concerns included tighter credit markets .	comp_adj	3155
What if he was young ?	What if he was younger ?	comp_adj	3156
The bill goes to the low house first .	The bill goes to the lower house first .	comp_adj	3158
An old daughter had gone to college .	An older daughter had gone to college .	comp_adj	3159
For others , history came cheap .	For others , history came cheaper .	comp_adj	3163
Indiana dominated inside against the small Longwood players .	Indiana dominated inside against the smaller Longwood players .	comp_adj	3165
Other students think lowering the drinking age would encourage safe drinking .	Other students think lowering the drinking age would encourage safer drinking .	comp_adj	3167
The big monetary ROI lies in traditional financial services .	The bigger monetary ROI lies in traditional financial services .	comp_adj	3168
He was the good player .	He was the better player .	comp_adj	3169
Let 's put Mr. Cohen to work for the great good .	Let 's put Mr. Cohen to work for the greater good .	comp_adj	3170
The old shelters in particular have become run-down .	The older shelters in particular have become run-down .	comp_adj	3171
Broad indexes finished mixed .	Broader indexes finished mixed .	comp_adj	3172
That is attracted great readership and advertising dollars , she said .	That is attracted greater readership and advertising dollars , she said .	comp_adj	3174
Starting forward Luol Deng missed his third consecutive game with low back pain .	Starting forward Luol Deng missed his third consecutive game with lower back pain .	comp_adj	3176
A credit card is the safe option .	A credit card is the safer option .	comp_adj	3177
And several recent corrections have been far short .	And several recent corrections have been far shorter .	comp_adj	3178
Her old brother is acting up .	Her older brother is acting up .	comp_adj	3179
Meanwhile , demand increases because crops are thirsty .	Meanwhile , demand increases because crops are thirstier .	comp_adj	3180
Treatments include blood thinning drugs and attempts to low cholesterol .	Treatments include blood thinning drugs and attempts to lower cholesterol .	comp_adj	3181
My father had died and my mom wanted to move somewhere warm .	My father had died and my mom wanted to move somewhere warmer .	comp_adj	3183
Here it is easy to find opportunities .	Here it is easier to find opportunities .	comp_adj	3184
This is all part of a wide trend in Indonesia .	This is all part of a wider trend in Indonesia .	comp_adj	3185
One or two of our young players have come out of that .	One or two of our younger players have come out of that .	comp_adj	3186
Unsurprisingly , it is geared toward young drivers .	Unsurprisingly , it is geared toward younger drivers .	comp_adj	3187
Clubs and sites report brisk business , and young clients .	Clubs and sites report brisk business , and younger clients .	comp_adj	3188
I think it is high energy .	I think it is higher energy .	comp_adj	3189
Those can lead to great exposure to the amoeba .	Those can lead to greater exposure to the amoeba .	comp_adj	3191
She was also being weighed down by comparisons to her old sister .	She was also being weighed down by comparisons to her older sister .	comp_adj	3192
Compare this with the 1990s - the difference could not be great .	Compare this with the 1990s - the difference could not be greater .	comp_adj	3195
Low costs for 2007 offset the decline .	Lower costs for 2007 offset the decline .	comp_adj	3196
The dollar was low against most other major currencies .	The dollar was lower against most other major currencies .	comp_adj	3198
But there was a good solution .	But there was a better solution .	comp_adj	3199
The bottom-line was also affected by high advertising spending .	The bottom-line was also affected by higher advertising spending .	comp_adj	3202
" " As a musician , I wanted to dig deep .	" " As a musician , I wanted to dig deeper .	comp_adj	3203
Good diplomacy could ease worries in Poland and the Czech Republic .	Better diplomacy could ease worries in Poland and the Czech Republic .	comp_adj	3204
But the city is now realizing flower power on a big scale .	But the city is now realizing flower power on a bigger scale .	comp_adj	3205
All it needs is a high profile .	All it needs is a higher profile .	comp_adj	3206
But given its ambition , its costs are likely great .	But given its ambition , its costs are likely greater .	comp_adj	3208
Is it bad to be boring ?	Is it worse to be boring ?	comp_adj	3209
He is gotten strong .	He is gotten stronger .	comp_adj	3211
" The rich guy pays , " he writes .	" The richer guy pays , " he writes .	comp_adj	3214
Old drivers are involved in very few drink-drive or single-vehicle accidents .	Older drivers are involved in very few drink-drive or single-vehicle accidents .	comp_adj	3219
The large room is covered in mattresses .	The larger room is covered in mattresses .	comp_adj	3220
Squishy would be close to accurate .	Squishy would be closer to accurate .	comp_adj	3221
And even the long methods do not take much time .	And even the longer methods do not take much time .	comp_adj	3227
Branches are popping up with great frequency in residential neighborhoods .	Branches are popping up with greater frequency in residential neighborhoods .	comp_adj	3228
Broad market indicators also advanced .	Broader market indicators also advanced .	comp_adj	3229
The Red Sox were simply and unequivocally the good team .	The Red Sox were simply and unequivocally the better team .	comp_adj	3231
She thought the candidate would be reading at a high level .	She thought the candidate would be reading at a higher level .	comp_adj	3232
Broad indexes were also little changed .	Broader indexes were also little changed .	comp_adj	3233
So which is hard ?	So which is harder ?	comp_adj	3234
" It is clean and more reliable , " Gallo said .	" It is cleaner and more reliable , " Gallo said .	comp_adj	3235
This might justify a high valuation .	This might justify a higher valuation .	comp_adj	3237
New products help diabetics control blood-sugar levels .	Newer products help diabetics control blood-sugar levels .	comp_adj	3238
But it is the big picture that is really intriguing these planet hunters .	But it is the bigger picture that is really intriguing these planet hunters .	comp_adj	3239
The perceived soft stance has angered many pro-independence hard- liners .	The perceived softer stance has angered many pro-independence hard- liners .	comp_adj	3243
Maine then retired No. 8 batter Matt Diaz on a ground .	Maine then retired No. 8 batter Matt Diaz on a grounder .	comp_adj	3245
DO look for a great purpose .	DO look for a greater purpose .	comp_adj	3249
Trying to understand the big picture and get the message out .	Trying to understand the bigger picture and get the message out .	comp_adj	3250
We need to make it a good program .	We need to make it a better program .	comp_adj	3251
The buttons were none the bad for wear .	The buttons were none the worse for wear .	comp_adj	3252
But great clarity was not necessarily a result .	But greater clarity was not necessarily a result .	comp_adj	3253
For several years , clean burning natural gas appeared a promising substitute .	For several years , cleaner burning natural gas appeared a promising substitute .	comp_adj	3254
But I want you to turn your mind toward being old .	But I want you to turn your mind toward being older .	comp_adj	3256
Evidence of the latter is growing clear .	Evidence of the latter is growing clearer .	comp_adj	3259
The local part is tricky .	The local part is trickier .	comp_adj	3261
The Family and Parenting Institute also backed the call for strict regulation .	The Family and Parenting Institute also backed the call for stricter regulation .	comp_adj	3262
Small businesses may have relatively few listings .	Smaller businesses may have relatively few listings .	comp_adj	3264
However , noise levels on take-off and landing are unquestionably low .	However , noise levels on take-off and landing are unquestionably lower .	comp_adj	3265
Great Manchester Police have appealed for witnesses to contact them .	Greater Manchester Police have appealed for witnesses to contact them .	comp_adj	3269
Such homes can be hard to sell , she said .	Such homes can be harder to sell , she said .	comp_adj	3270
Low courts rightly held this highly undemocratic system to be unconstitutional .	Lower courts rightly held this highly undemocratic system to be unconstitutional .	comp_adj	3272
They are among the most fortified institutions in great Washington .	They are among the most fortified institutions in greater Washington .	comp_adj	3273
For many small firms , the tradition remains alive .	For many smaller firms , the tradition remains alive .	comp_adj	3274
In other parts of the country , ozoni is plain .	In other parts of the country , ozoni is plainer .	comp_adj	3275
Yet a large eclipse is feared .	Yet a larger eclipse is feared .	comp_adj	3278
The fuel is the big issue for him .	The fuel is the bigger issue for him .	comp_adj	3280
Today it is generally taken by light singers .	Today it is generally taken by lighter singers .	comp_adj	3281
There are good days ahead !	There are better days ahead !	comp_adj	3285
But there is a large lesson .	But there is a larger lesson .	comp_adj	3286
Mr. El-Erian is returning to Southern California to be close to his family .	Mr. El-Erian is returning to Southern California to be closer to his family .	comp_adj	3289
Short jackets are thus more practical , being less cumbersome .	Shorter jackets are thus more practical , being less cumbersome .	comp_adj	3290
It reinforces the need for great rigour in the system .	It reinforces the need for greater rigour in the system .	comp_adj	3291
Broad stock indicators also had solid gains .	Broader stock indicators also had solid gains .	comp_adj	3293
One benefit of a horse versus a dog is a long life span .	One benefit of a horse versus a dog is a longer life span .	comp_adj	3298
Talking about my generation : Music festivals are attracting an old crowd .	Talking about my generation : Music festivals are attracting an older crowd .	comp_adj	3299
She wants to be an immigration lawyer when she is old .	She wants to be an immigration lawyer when she is older .	comp_adj	3303
But consumer product testing offers high profit margins .	But consumer product testing offers higher profit margins .	comp_adj	3304
But old women sell .	But older women sell .	comp_adj	3306
Until now , the company has also resisted combinations with large banks .	Until now , the company has also resisted combinations with larger banks .	comp_adj	3307
Joseph Mason , a finance professor at Drexel University , sees big problems .	Joseph Mason , a finance professor at Drexel University , sees bigger problems .	comp_adj	3308
You saw something big , something deeper , something historic .	You saw something bigger , something deeper , something historic .	comp_adj	3309
I have an old brother and sister .	I have an older brother and sister .	comp_adj	3310
There is no guarantee that low rates will help this housing situation .	There is no guarantee that lower rates will help this housing situation .	comp_adj	3311
Otherwise. that nation 's destiny gets dark day by day .	Otherwise. that nation 's destiny gets darker day by day .	comp_adj	3312
Base business expenses increased due to high personnel costs .	Base business expenses increased due to higher personnel costs .	comp_adj	3313
Small parties made up the difference .	Smaller parties made up the difference .	comp_adj	3314
Modern contracts potentially offer good value for money .	Modern contracts potentially offer better value for money .	comp_adj	3316
Today the stakes are arguably high .	Today the stakes are arguably higher .	comp_adj	3317
The rebels oppose Nafta and want great recognition for Indian rights .	The rebels oppose Nafta and want greater recognition for Indian rights .	comp_adj	3319
That could become very expensive , especially for small resorts .	That could become very expensive , especially for smaller resorts .	comp_adj	3320
Other commodities markets were mostly high at midday .	Other commodities markets were mostly higher at midday .	comp_adj	3321
Children usually require a low dose .	Children usually require a lower dose .	comp_adj	3322
That does not mean she cannot relate to her young competitors .	That does not mean she cannot relate to her younger competitors .	comp_adj	3324
Thousands of demonstrators rallied to demand strong action .	Thousands of demonstrators rallied to demand stronger action .	comp_adj	3325
The presidential candidates will have to do a good job .	The presidential candidates will have to do a better job .	comp_adj	3326
The virtuous circle of 2005 clearly made the economy appear strong .	The virtuous circle of 2005 clearly made the economy appear stronger .	comp_adj	3327
It will be a time when we must build a good society .	It will be a time when we must build a better society .	comp_adj	3330
But he is funny .	But he is funnier .	comp_adj	3331
The S & P housing report pushed shares of homebuilders low .	The S & P housing report pushed shares of homebuilders lower .	comp_adj	3332
A tough challenge lies ahead .	A tougher challenge lies ahead .	comp_adj	3333
It is hard for the men to give up control .	It is harder for the men to give up control .	comp_adj	3334
This report may start finding some wide ways to do that .	This report may start finding some wider ways to do that .	comp_adj	3338
The losing pitcher was close David Weathers ( 2-5 ) .	The losing pitcher was closer David Weathers ( 2-5 ) .	comp_adj	3339
The weight of this responsibility could not be clear to him .	The weight of this responsibility could not be clearer to him .	comp_adj	3340
It should have been tough .	It should have been tougher .	comp_adj	3345
That trend could mean high inflation .	That trend could mean higher inflation .	comp_adj	3346
It looks healthy .	It looks healthier .	comp_adj	3351
Bad is the guilt over his past actions .	Worse is the guilt over his past actions .	comp_adj	3353
We cannot be a light version of them .	We cannot be a lighter version of them .	comp_adj	3354
Wealthy people drove past in ancient Mercedes sedans discarded by faraway owners .	Wealthier people drove past in ancient Mercedes sedans discarded by faraway owners .	comp_adj	3355
The broad TOPIX index fell 1.8 percent to 1,563.07 .	The broader TOPIX index fell 1.8 percent to 1,563.07 .	comp_adj	3356
Tough sanctions are the " responsible position " to take , he said .	Tougher sanctions are the " responsible position " to take , he said .	comp_adj	3357
Have you thought about doing a bad job ?	Have you thought about doing a worse job ?	comp_adj	3360
It may be safe to enrich your relationship than your bank balance .	It may be safer to enrich your relationship than your bank balance .	comp_adj	3361
The high UK interest rate makes the currency more attractive for investors .	The higher UK interest rate makes the currency more attractive for investors .	comp_adj	3362
However , Syse proposed that cervical and testicular cancers mostly affect young people .	However , Syse proposed that cervical and testicular cancers mostly affect younger people .	comp_adj	3367
Old men seemed most affected .	Older men seemed most affected .	comp_adj	3368
Long lights have also contributed to the backup .	Longer lights have also contributed to the backup .	comp_adj	3369
This phenomenon also is expected by many to ripple into the broad economy .	This phenomenon also is expected by many to ripple into the broader economy .	comp_adj	3370
New mines probably would produce a great amount , he said .	New mines probably would produce a greater amount , he said .	comp_adj	3371
Old now , I would not have told him .	Older now , I would not have told him .	comp_adj	3373
But the problems run deep .	But the problems run deeper .	comp_adj	3374
Healthy options include grilled steak , baked chicken and steamed vegetables .	Healthier options include grilled steak , baked chicken and steamed vegetables .	comp_adj	3375
But beyond these high-profile signals of discord , deep worries lurk .	But beyond these high-profile signals of discord , deeper worries lurk .	comp_adj	3376
Many old devices were often viewed as cumbersome and unsightly .	Many older devices were often viewed as cumbersome and unsightly .	comp_adj	3377
At other times it can end up close to madness .	At other times it can end up closer to madness .	comp_adj	3379
Only Baltimore 's was low .	Only Baltimore 's was lower .	comp_adj	3380
Some young and more-religious Jews have also embraced Republican ideals .	Some younger and more-religious Jews have also embraced Republican ideals .	comp_adj	3384
Stanley McArdle rose to flag rank from the low deck .	Stanley McArdle rose to flag rank from the lower deck .	comp_adj	3385
Islamic scholars recommended harsh punishment .	Islamic scholars recommended harsher punishment .	comp_adj	3387
For new novels , Sony 's library has 20,000 titles .	For newer novels , Sony 's library has 20,000 titles .	comp_adj	3388
So think big .	So think bigger .	comp_adj	3389
The other is significantly small .	The other is significantly smaller .	comp_adj	3390
Small parties are also getting in on the act .	Smaller parties are also getting in on the act .	comp_adj	3391
There were plenty of small ones as well .	There were plenty of smaller ones as well .	comp_adj	3392
Big droplets will not get carried away in the wind .	Bigger droplets will not get carried away in the wind .	comp_adj	3393
It also turned out to be cheap , Dr. Olumese said .	It also turned out to be cheaper , Dr. Olumese said .	comp_adj	3394
The findings also indicated that young men were more open-minded .	The findings also indicated that younger men were more open-minded .	comp_adj	3395
Still , those decisions are guided by large mind-sets .	Still , those decisions are guided by larger mind-sets .	comp_adj	3396
High jet fuel costs are already restraining airline earnings .	Higher jet fuel costs are already restraining airline earnings .	comp_adj	3398
Sabathia learned to take good care of himself .	Sabathia learned to take better care of himself .	comp_adj	3400
There have bad starts , of course .	There have worse starts , of course .	comp_adj	3401
But both said the good team won on the night .	But both said the better team won on the night .	comp_adj	3403
We just need to do a good job .	We just need to do a better job .	comp_adj	3404
" My kids are kind to each other , " Ms. Tuttle said .	" My kids are kinder to each other , " Ms. Tuttle said .	comp_adj	3407
Several subcontractors have filed small liens .	Several subcontractors have filed smaller liens .	comp_adj	3408
Pink 's duality is of the opposite kind .	Pinker 's duality is of the opposite kind .	comp_adj	3411
Any alternative would be bad for everybody .	Any alternative would be worse for everybody .	comp_adj	3414
Strong GM commitment to keep future vehicle projects in U.S. factories .	Stronger GM commitment to keep future vehicle projects in U.S. factories .	comp_adj	3415
A Category 1 hurricane has winds of 74 mph or great .	A Category 1 hurricane has winds of 74 mph or greater .	comp_adj	3416
But I believe we would benefit from a close relationship .	But I believe we would benefit from a closer relationship .	comp_adj	3418
All this going on is supportive of high gold prices .	All this going on is supportive of higher gold prices .	comp_adj	3419
She tells him that she is in a good place .	She tells him that she is in a better place .	comp_adj	3420
It offers a good chance of the coherence necessary to develop team spirit .	It offers a better chance of the coherence necessary to develop team spirit .	comp_adj	3421
They were also at great risk of food allergies .	They were also at greater risk of food allergies .	comp_adj	3422
There are few rich nature spots in the whole of Britain .	There are few richer nature spots in the whole of Britain .	comp_adj	3423
The house they are buying will have gotten cheap , too .	The house they are buying will have gotten cheaper , too .	comp_adj	3424
The fish were biting good today .	The fish were biting better today .	comp_adj	3425
We are old ; our hair turns gray .	We are older ; our hair turns gray .	comp_adj	3427
The good league won .	The better league won .	comp_adj	3429
" When I was young I was more hopeful , " she said .	" When I was younger I was more hopeful , " she said .	comp_adj	3430
Hopefully next year we turn around and do a good job .	Hopefully next year we turn around and do a better job .	comp_adj	3433
The old lady sat up straight .	The old lady sat up straighter .	comp_adj	3434
3 Consumers are going to feel poor .	3 Consumers are going to feel poorer .	comp_adj	3435
The slide in yields also has worrisome implications for the broad economy .	The slide in yields also has worrisome implications for the broader economy .	comp_adj	3436
Diplomats and activists say the number killed was many times high .	Diplomats and activists say the number killed was many times higher .	comp_adj	3437
The absent possessions bring the ache of big losses .	The absent possessions bring the ache of bigger losses .	comp_adj	3438
He had promised workers high wages and social security .	He had promised workers higher wages and social security .	comp_adj	3439
Reminders can serve as guideposts to healthy behavior .	Reminders can serve as guideposts to healthier behavior .	comp_adj	3440
We just have to do a good job of executing on both ends .	We just have to do a better job of executing on both ends .	comp_adj	3441
When I was young I was hot headed and got tickets .	When I was younger I was hot headed and got tickets .	comp_adj	3442
The old Bush blamed you in part for his defeat .	The elder Bush blamed you in part for his defeat .	comp_adj	3444
The second involves a long view .	The second involves a longer view .	comp_adj	3445
I think we would be close to Harvey Pekar and Joyce .	I think we would be closer to Harvey Pekar and Joyce .	comp_adj	3448
In the meantime conditions grew bad .	In the meantime conditions grew worse .	comp_adj	3450
Disruptions and inconveniences were easy to track .	Disruptions and inconveniences were easier to track .	comp_adj	3451
Tough to endure were their father 's muscle spasms , nightmares and flashbacks .	Tougher to endure were their father 's muscle spasms , nightmares and flashbacks .	comp_adj	3452
Those who took extra end-of-year tests achieved bad results .	Those who took extra end-of-year tests achieved worse results .	comp_adj	3453
For several businesses and residents , the consequences are bad .	For several businesses and residents , the consequences are worse .	comp_adj	3454
Hillary Clinton may be close to the ideal .	Hillary Clinton may be closer to the ideal .	comp_adj	3456
" We are not searching for a good Saakashvili , " he says .	" We are not searching for a better Saakashvili , " he says .	comp_adj	3457
Sampling error for data from sub-samples is high and varies .	Sampling error for data from sub-samples is higher and varies .	comp_adj	3458
The truth was bad and much more painful .	The truth was worse and much more painful .	comp_adj	3459
He could not ask for a good keeper on the bench .	He could not ask for a better keeper on the bench .	comp_adj	3460
Indeed , previous treaties had a great impact on Britain .	Indeed , previous treaties had a greater impact on Britain .	comp_adj	3461
Bad was to come .	Worse was to come .	comp_adj	3462
Young finished 12-of-25 for 117 yards .	Younger finished 12-of-25 for 117 yards .	comp_adj	3463
The exotic is close to home .	The exotic is closer to home .	comp_adj	3467
Ms. Choi would have preferred living high in the mountains .	Ms. Choi would have preferred living higher in the mountains .	comp_adj	3468
Some small airlines will likely stick with paper ticketing , for now .	Some smaller airlines will likely stick with paper ticketing , for now .	comp_adj	3470
It would be easy with a small car .	It would be easier with a small car .	comp_adj	3472
I remember the resolutions I made when I was young .	I remember the resolutions I made when I was younger .	comp_adj	3473
The brave pigs press their snouts against my feet and ankles .	The braver pigs press their snouts against my feet and ankles .	comp_adj	3474
A small number think bad cooking or refusing sex are reasons enough .	A smaller number think bad cooking or refusing sex are reasons enough .	comp_adj	3475
Large deals between governments have been taking place .	Larger deals between governments have been taking place .	comp_adj	3476
The large , called " Salsal , " rose to 180 feet .	The larger , called " Salsal , " rose to 180 feet .	comp_adj	3477
But the forecast could be good long term as well .	But the forecast could be good longer term as well .	comp_adj	3479
The technology exists to make people safe today .	The technology exists to make people safer today .	comp_adj	3481
" The conditions are different here , slow , " Federer said .	" The conditions are different here , slower , " Federer said .	comp_adj	3482
" We are looking for a safe car , " Mrs. Erickson said .	" We are looking for a safer car , " Mrs. Erickson said .	comp_adj	3484
The new cases raise fears of a wide outbreak .	The new cases raise fears of a wider outbreak .	comp_adj	3485
When he was young , Noel could walk and ride a bike .	When he was younger , Noel could walk and ride a bike .	comp_adj	3486
They are also doing a good job of minimizing mistakes .	They are also doing a better job of minimizing mistakes .	comp_adj	3488
It is a gentle way .	It is a gentler way .	comp_adj	3490
... This is a good match for us .	... This is a better match for us .	comp_adj	3491
This decrease was partially offset by high sales volumes .	This decrease was partially offset by higher sales volumes .	comp_adj	3493
What do most Americans picture when they think of a game ?	What do most Americans picture when they think of a gamer ?	comp_adj	3495
I myself am drawn to short narratives .	I myself am drawn to shorter narratives .	comp_adj	3496
Large companies will have tools to help you narrow your search .	Larger companies will have tools to help you narrow your search .	comp_adj	3497
These high LIBOR interest rates have persisted to date in October 2007 .	These higher LIBOR interest rates have persisted to date in October 2007 .	comp_adj	3498
Maybe voters will be left hungry for something more .	Maybe voters will be left hungrier for something more .	comp_adj	3499
The arranged marriages often involve underage girls and old men .	The arranged marriages often involve underage girls and older men .	comp_adj	3500
Some are harsh .	Some are harsher .	comp_adj	3503
Not all old homes have been razed , of course .	Not all older homes have been razed , of course .	comp_adj	3504
All those shareholders have been seeking a high bid .	All those shareholders have been seeking a higher bid .	comp_adj	3505
" They could be making policies about good stuff , " Shah said .	" They could be making policies about better stuff , " Shah said .	comp_adj	3506
We have had legendary figures dying on us but at an old age .	We have had legendary figures dying on us but at an older age .	comp_adj	3509
Young performers were more reverent toward the songs .	Younger performers were more reverent toward the songs .	comp_adj	3511
The withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages 2 and old .	The withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages 2 and older .	comp_adj	3512
Seriously boys , it might be safe .	Seriously boys , it might be safer .	comp_adj	3517
But there are big fish to fry in today 's Times .	But there are bigger fish to fry in today 's Times .	comp_adj	3518
Teacher-led cheating is less pervasive but easy to detect .	Teacher-led cheating is less pervasive but easier to detect .	comp_adj	3519
Thrun proposed a man-versus-machine race that required more-difficult maneuvers at high speeds .	Thrun proposed a man-versus-machine race that required more-difficult maneuvers at higher speeds .	comp_adj	3522
Some cities saw steep declines of almost 8 percent .	Some cities saw steeper declines of almost 8 percent .	comp_adj	3523
No , Harris 's real crime is bad .	No , Harris 's real crime is worse .	comp_adj	3524
Western governments say the real toll is probably far high .	Western governments say the real toll is probably far higher .	comp_adj	3525
Even the lowly posts in provinces free of poppy traffic have a price .	Even the lowlier posts in provinces free of poppy traffic have a price .	comp_adj	3526
What would our - would we be safe ?	What would our - would we be safer ?	comp_adj	3528
But he knows that other middle-class families have it bad .	But he knows that other middle-class families have it worse .	comp_adj	3533
I just felt that this presented a good opportunity .	I just felt that this presented a better opportunity .	comp_adj	3534
We have got to look at the big picture .	We have got to look at the bigger picture .	comp_adj	3535
He saw her low lip tremble .	He saw her lower lip tremble .	comp_adj	3536
Hidden forms are always bad .	Hidden forms are always worse .	comp_adj	3537
In the European context , only Irish women fare bad .	In the European context , only Irish women fare worse .	comp_adj	3538
( 2 ) Spa visits are cheap on port days .	( 2 ) Spa visits are cheaper on port days .	comp_adj	3543
The small 757 , 767 and 777 are favored by the dealmakers .	The smaller 757 , 767 and 777 are favored by the dealmakers .	comp_adj	3545
European markets moved low .	European markets moved lower .	comp_adj	3546
Employers will find it easy to resist wage rise demands .	Employers will find it easier to resist wage rise demands .	comp_adj	3547
We all deserve good leaders !	We all deserve better leaders !	comp_adj	3548
Simple to do a spiritual detox .	Simpler to do a spiritual detox .	comp_adj	3549
They might get a quick return from gold or uranium .	They might get a quicker return from gold or uranium .	comp_adj	3550
Innocence has a plain face .	Innocence has a plainer face .	comp_adj	3552
He is in a good position now .	He is in a better position now .	comp_adj	3553
In the long term however , Dolby is the cheap option .	In the long term however , Dolby is the cheaper option .	comp_adj	3554
In return , MiFID puts great responsibility on trading bodies .	In return , MiFID puts greater responsibility on trading bodies .	comp_adj	3556
Obese and overweight pets are at great risk of developing Type 2 diabetes .	Obese and overweight pets are at greater risk of developing Type 2 diabetes .	comp_adj	3557
Yet could strict rules have better reined in Northern Rock ?	Yet could stricter rules have better reined in Northern Rock ?	comp_adj	3558
Old and existing stations are powered by costly and environmentally damaging fuel shipments .	Older and existing stations are powered by costly and environmentally damaging fuel shipments .	comp_adj	3559
And the stakes have rarely been high .	And the stakes have rarely been higher .	comp_adj	3563
I am happy to see young women directors coming through at last .	I am happy to see younger women directors coming through at last .	comp_adj	3564
Number two is high oil prices .	Number two is higher oil prices .	comp_adj	3565
It is a deep ache that pains her .	It is a deeper ache that pains her .	comp_adj	3567
